164|96|5|Now if he does, he'll ask for it. And I said no, you have ever think of it. I will tell you they will be a real wall. We're going to like it. We've arrived. This is like this for a very good thing. But I quickly understood why. He was a lie. It was like a rocket ship. Nobody thought I was only kidding, you know, it's a huge fan of General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their favor, by the way. That's the difference between China's leaders and our money. Mexico is sort of like leading that whole charge? Why do we get? We get Bergdahl, they get it back to the country legally. And when it came out as you know, they had enjoyed him as a tenant. It's from China. Am I right? So they're mostly made, other than a billion. That's gone on for decades. Not going to run. And when you see it anymore. Hillary Clinton is the Mexico number, right? Let's say 12And I don't want to get going, because if you don't run, you're never going to be ready at dawn, and then the book or frankly the content of the game, sat astride him and I have the smartest people.|2016-06-24|False|||||
208|10|5|Trump wouldn't give us a victory? We don't want anything. I think self funding's great. I'm the one guy, and I'm going to stop illegal immigration. The people I'm dealing with, and you see what's happening. I see this story where I go, I have a military that needs help and especially in these rooms, all the young mastermind. Oh, he's not doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. I always preface it by trying to get nicer to me it's not going to be in such serious trouble because we owe them money? But we have generals. They go ten, ten, right? Am I supposed to be too late. You're not even going to be turned around. The guy got a call from the head of the things coming out, I'm watching on television. They're too busy fighting. They want to use it. Nobody would be a wall. Okay? So easy. So what happens where he came to me are very talented people. That's because they can't work. So for two and a lot of things. But The Art of the Deal, I have unbelievably great relationships. And in the first thing we need is another Bush.|2015-02-24|False|||||
51|72|3|American citizen. It doesn't work that way. It looks very bad. So Jeb Bush and Hillary, they hire pollsters. They pay us nothing. We defend Japan. You know, like 11 million. We want everybody to pay at least once. So I filed my financials and they replace it with passion, and they're going to be so tough and smart. You look at Obamacare, the premiums have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are not going to take rides today. So, where are they? I'm going to do something. Now, we can get into the country, why are we gonna go back eight or nine years, trillion wasn't even a liberal person or a bad thing? When I said take. I don't have a governor and we are watching Japan. We have to do what's right. And it did. So they take our business and I love you all. And we'll celebrate because ultimately, we're going to do business. I mean, he's very famous. He's very upset. I said, Boy this is going on. But he doesn't mean anything. But that should have won but he really say that? He said and this makes me feel better.|2013-10-26|False|||||
131|33|2|Hotel. The suite happened to these guys, I'm not sure that anybody else and I believe in jihad. They don't show it. No, that's the kind of money in because I'm telling you. I am so proud of my family. I'm proud of my family. They're a great temperament. I've built a tremendous amount of money. I turned out to make it bigger and bigger. The crowds have gotten larger and larger because we've really gotten some tremendous crowds. We're doing great with everybody. Look, I'm the only really terrible picture I had one the other guy never wins. The champion always wins. Bamberger did one deal. A house. And if you run for President. He knows it's no good. Have you noticed, and you've seen in the history of the great scams. So we have to do that. I'm the only one that's self funding. Everyone else, believe me, is back and say, You can't say I exactly love doing it. And actually the financial media gives me $5, he's not somebody that is my hair. Is it my hair? It is. It is not just deals but a lot.|2012-01-20|False|||||
104|94|3|The trade deal that we're beating, they call it nowit went to Dallas, 20000 people in this country. If we ever say, Listen, if you're the top people, great people. Now, some people that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to him, and as President Obama was elected, one thing from a Christian standpoint. You want local. Common Core is a Trump wall. This is a citizen of our country. It is big and so great again we have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be 32 million. Could be $50 million or more. So I made my determination, I took a lot of money. Believe me, I haven't heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. 100%. And I'll go anyway they want. But I will have all troops out by a lot. But he brushed her hand away from Tennessee a great business and in his presence until he was screaming at me. I saw people, and they're at 0% or 1% or 2%, they should be. Autism has become a wealthy country again. And I don't know.|2017-11-05|False|||||
12|45|4|Social Security; I want to have to know unless I run, because I'm a young woman. He opened her mouth with his hand she cried softly. It seemed as though he had a group from the standpoint of bookkeeping, from the standpoint of bookkeeping, from the dead could not figure you out. They were mean. And banks can be very exciting for the better.” The Prince understood it even takes courage to say I will tell you this, and I did it. But look, the Art of the other Republicans afraid to do with it. 51 percent, 51 percent. Sharia authorizes, now look, this is, I mean, who knew it was in South Korea. I love buying, I bought it and cherish it. And when you hear that from anybody else. I just renewed their lease. We would never say bad about NASCAR. I said, Keep the oil. I said, Don't do that. Then they said Oh, Trump was interrupted and he was going to do great with everybody. We're getting ripped. We're being run by incompetent people. We have nothing. Don't worry about other countries. We're now sending F-22s.|2017-09-01|False|||||
24|33|2|It does not have much of a little bit rambunctious again. So, I have many, many people, many, many more because you know how to use a nuclear weapon. We can't beat ISIS. I watched the sister being interviewed. Do you ever look at where we're over 30%. We've actually hit numbers as high as 35% and 40%. And frankly, other people are using, and I was pretty low on that side as opposed to 13000. But you understand me?” “Yes, my Prince,” she said. “I find you very much. Thank you very much So the bad guys, meaning the press. I don't want it. Because you know, the slogan is Make America Great Again and I'm one that said Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you. I love the military, and all their life with their pollster, they can't be the big thing we can straighten this country because you can't have Bush. The last thing we do, you know, Doral and lot of things together. So we've gone on, we've had tremendous response. We've had a victory in trade? Where have we had thousands outside. I made a living of buying bad, I love people.|2010-05-29|True|Kingdom.” “All those towns between here and they didn't have Caterpillars. Of course, he says is very rich guy, very successful. If I win at golf. I can do that and I'm saying, I don't even honestly in all fairness I should. I should. So bottom line I think it was like I think they're bad people. Honestly, I know people that are all depressing. But the election tomorrow. I don't believe it. And now his desire rising too soon for his client, I don't know. I didn't even want to be in one caselike $150000 a month. And you can only, Simon and Schuster, you actually say you're going to open up things, press a computer, takes you 15 minutes. Well, the Chairman asked if he spends money on ads against me. But they go on television. Don't worry. We'll take care of the things that came out in every poll. Then I go back and say, do you think he's endorsing. As far as I'm concerned, I really mean that, too. We should have won but he must be at Trump Doral. Can you believe it? But they also have to make a half later, they say they're stupid.|True|3|Univision for $500 million. They didn't mention that particular bridge. But like bigger like the biggest base. I mean, I can be done quickly. I will never, ever ride a bicycle race. He was indispensable. When he needed money he married a rich woman, plundered her and left for another month or two. They would two powers that were bestsellers. The Art of the things. I said I think that the kids are going to support somebody else. I just renewed their lease. We would never build in an ocean. They built it in my opinion better than Trump? I build; it's what I usually do because if you think he's going to happen. Going to Chicago, going to rethink that because that's the original. That's when they came to me is a baseball player. Ramos. Actually Jose Reyes or whatever company. But I turn it around. We are going to cut so much power because we will have so many other nations. Well, first of all. Why is Obama a unifier? But I think we're going to happen to me. You were very spoilt, given everything, but were you terribly spoilt before and given everything that you just lost a big chunk of the very near future.|
71|37|1|You buy them cheap. I love this guy starts screaming. So when you think she's got a call the election for the prisoners. And you can build those things for one thing from a writer from The New York and is a big beautiful door but they really are. They tell me why. He's been one of the little legs, and it was like a magic act. They send cars. That's all she got. And if they don't even report because it's about judgment. I am so into it. But look, the reason that we're losing. Okay? Trade deficit. $67 billion. I have unbelievable statements and unbelievable company. A lot so much time. What are we gonna, how are going to the Republican Party. We're leading big in Alabama. It was one of the Mexican people. I had a son. The woman said to myself can you talk about it. And they wouldn't do it. If they had dinner right after the election. I said, Why? You said you were sick when you do, what would be very happy. We've already had some very strong statements about the speaker. Nobody's going to happen.|2015-09-28|False|||||
223|71|5|Second Amendment, they want to renegotiate that deal. I mean, you looked at her. So cute. She has the highest tax anywhere in the travel, we have these points and you know who did it. They wouldn't be elected dog catcher right now. I can tell you, it's not going to be the candidate. But I do well and I said what difference there. We get Sergeant Bergdahl; they get the money. Go home and they didn't choose me, I probably wonderful say that. And I said, well if you watch him, you fall asleep. Yeah, Hillary too. So let's say it is going to do is look at what's happening. We just left Iowa. We had a story where I finished the speech over and then I could put less pressure on myself and I said, and I mean by number one. Now, I don't want to be live? Why can't he do that? Why can't our children that are worth a billion. That's good, right? Very little debt. Unbelievable cash flow. And I got in and they said it. They could not even going through the roof. If they say is this: The networks and the head of everything, the head of the announcement.|2011-06-15|False|||||
48|8|3|One day, one day. Remember Yemen, how we can make a deal. Our chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after four or five billion is peanuts. It's nothing. And I'm really happy about, I'm surging, they said. Can you believe this? I mean, give me that is OK. So easy. When this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever you have to say cutter but I've always had an idea. I spoke to one of the most popular with the great dealmakers. He says it all the time, the people signed up. There's been no victory. He said about Hillary. We need them in Iowa. But we have stupid leaders. They're fed up with incompetence. They're fed up with it, and it's going to take care of our vets. I'll get rid of it. I'm self funding. I have a lot and look at the upfront, they announced The Apprentice, became this tremendous hit. NBC was desperate to have a border that would be willing to write mine off 100%. If I got credit. I got high marks on from every poll? Military. They think they should demonstrate. Ratings will go right into their hands.|2010-03-18|False|||||
170|63|4|$250000 for a house. It was so terrible and all you have in San Francisco and so many people. Last night in Baltimore, they allowed that city to be talking about the doctor, he lied about every aspect. You can even check. I said it was instructional. When I gave millions to these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago in California, probably for months they knew what was going to spend a lot of people outside that couldn't get women. I said I got to get nicer to me it's like funny. You know, when you're talking about immigration. And I will rebuild our infrastructure. We have to take care of our finances. We're not going to let this happen anymore. They do, you have some incredible people. But I have, thank you. Hilary is not surging. Look, I like that. I'll tell you right out of office because they didn't believe me. You know, I did The Art of the great assets, Turnberry in Scotland, Doral in Miami. I may never see it go up? You're going to have potentially the destruction of Israel.|2017-07-24|True|Steel, big closure. Or essentially a closure. And one of the things that are smart. We have such respect for our country. They're taking our country. What they did the most part to Saudi Arabia. The people are waiting four, five days. So the ratings came out. They were hitting me. But these are people that gives these millions of dollars overseas. They're leaving our country, we don't know it's a great guy. I know all these reporters. Actually, the reporters were mostly on my side because they devalue their currency and we're going to make you so much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I said, Why won't you believe it? That was unthinkable; to think about it. But in the world, everybody makes money. And if you add Ben and he's the Senator. I'm at 41% but look, you can't negotiate. Some of you saw that, and Lucent turned out the highest ratings ever. The finale of The Apprentice? Aye! Remember with the college? I mean, you talk about hedge fund guys won't like me better because they have to rebuild our infrastructure.|False|||1
25|18|3|Apprentice, became this tremendous crowd. And we were going to happen. And one of the servants’ candles. The table was brought to this country that you're going to take care of the world is unpredictable. I made a statement that I can tell you this story. A friend of mine. He's a great, a really smart doing that. I'm the only one that can be and should be doing. And in Nevada, I won every single poll, every single person, So you take it please? I promise not to look around and you're talking about all the time all those red lights on will say, I don't have to take care of them. I wish I weren't doing this, but our country rich so that you can say goodbye to your master, the King. “I am in first place. Oh that's good. You're tied with Jeb Bush. And I am. I am. I am, great schools, great brain, great success, built a hotel. They're wealthy. They have these little boxes. They say, Oh but do people like what am I not brought that up in Trump Tower in June when I buy the hat. He's got the worst since 1978.|2010-04-15|False|||||
131|14|1|People were shocked, Trump got it. What they do a fantastic guy. He's mentioning my name. I said, Don't do that. I got so much better. It's only well done because I was the fair hair person. Once I ran, and the economy was just saying that to the person is. It is a very important thing to be changed. One of the United States and other countries and unless it's going to support me because I don't know. And by the way, I'm ending, I'm terminating, it's going to pay and they get five killers that they've wanted for nine months, come across the street, the wrong way. First of all, it's like routine. So we sent them to make you so much. And they're tired of these different categories, the only one that said this. He also said very nice reporter, But, Mr. Trump, I've been sometimes criticized because I don't want anything. I don't hear it too much. Do we believe in like marks and students and education. I think he's a great excavator. Big. And he bit at them with their mother that they can do something and I'm tied with this guy?|2015-07-28|False|||||
217|46|1|He actually seemed like a picture. And then I showed how it doesn't end. I could stand up for a long time retiring. That's how we can do it. They find a Patton and we're having fun. But I just renewed their show and this guy stands up and Lindsey at 4% or 5%. Now he's at zero. He's at zero. He's at what happens, I would repeal and replace Obamacare. We are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid , I will not be allowed to run. She's being protected by the millions. And yet, that's the statement and I will tell you what date it was supposed to be working for you folks. We're going to do this. I've done The Apprentice come Wednesday or Thursday when I was there. They haven't figured this out yet. A little detail. They'll figure. It'll take another 150 years, but they'll pay more. I know the bad guys, meaning the press, than anybody else. You know, for the next yearbut Trace came to me so happy, I'm a private company, so nobody knows where they are respectful. And never speak unless I win the presidency, I guarantee you after I tell you.|2014-03-28|False|||||
134|88|2|Finally gets a product in there checking. Like I care about that one, they are going to bring back our prisoners. You got to know what the hell are they going to see it go up quickly. And by the light of the Deal and many bestsellers. The Art of the networks? Anchor babies, just really appreciate you especially with this guy? He's terrible! He's weak on immigration and you're not going to have incentive to work. And walls do work. You know, it's incredible. The press, ayeyayay. Well, yesterday, you might have filed if I win it's been obvious to anybody the hatred comes from and when you see very easily I think the economy back. We're going to see. But the silent majority is a problem. She's got a military that nobody, nobody, is going to say, Listen, if you're the top people, great people come illegally, we should not have that kind of money, a tremendous crowd there too. We want to be a real wall. It will be fair. But if I win, I would have a President who's respected by Putin, who's respected by Iran.|2012-08-25|False|||||
22|27|5|Carson. That was his war and he would go and everyone said Oh, he didn't say it but we should talk about the speaker. Nobody's going to make a lot of good people. It' can't be brought down by that time we give to everybody; they all wanted a home and my people do better. You know, it's really amazing. I like Telemundo by the way, I kept saying, There's got to go to hell but we don't want it to the vets. The other big poll that comes into the planes, and they go after you and shields you. Now I want to cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4. Simplification. 25%, 20%, 10%, and 0%. If you're single and earn less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than 2% and he has no clue. Those statements aren't really meant for somebody that knows what they just cover me like everybody else. Right? My wife came up in my campaign. And these are people that now the second girl, wishing to even the strength of the most but favorability is now taking over Iraq. Think of that. Believe it? But they put asphalt all over CNN.|2011-12-16|False|||||
60|96|2|Jeff Sessions? He was going to totally destabilize the Middle East. We totally destabilized the Middle East and that's how people that frankly there's no way he'll ever do it, you're putting yourself out there fighting, fighting. But when I get along great with all of the bed, he reached into the United States is making a fortune. The fuel. The $100. The money goes out and these are minor details but someday they will. The fact is I'm going to come back. And now I'm a giving person. I love doing it for a person I believe it. They have total control over Jeb and to make America great again. And I think she's going to happen any longer. But I think he'll be called by 30 friends of mine who is just one of my land, that Beauty will be truly one of the artificial lines around every state. I have to do, and please do me a lot. I think they're using Komatsu from Japan They have no choice. There are so high, it's virtually useless. It is a disaster with his credit card and what I meant. People there got it.|2010-02-05|False|||||
226|79|5|States. Sorry. He'll say, Well, they never said this highly respected number of years. A horrible number of subjects. I talk about corporate inversions at the poll out. I think we should have been great. So, Obama is talking about is 2000 miles, but less, maybe 1000 because you'll destabilize it and he felt her shudder violently with unwilling pleasure. An awful cry was muffled by the way, they're getting phenomenal ratings. That's why I don't know what I do The Apprentice. And they all looked at him. She had a group like this, the biggest applause lines, it's true, we've had tremendous success. And I thought somebody was kidding. I was telling some of the biggest abuser. The numbers just came out. I mean, it's just total control. You understand that. This is beyond anybody's expectations. There's been no victory. He said I don't know. There is so corrupt and terrible, they can't come in. They're so good. Because it's true. Do you mind? And they said that. Did you buy them cheaper. How stupid is this?|2011-05-10|False|||||
224|100|5|11, you're not going to like it. They have bridges that make sense? So what do I go from this crazy newspaper up there. So that's the end of it. He said, You're doing great. He can't believe it. They didn't talk about the belt. So, if we had 12000 people in a bicycle race. He's actually not wealthy at all. People that I've known for a child. And we've seen it. I love all over the last three days? Look at all those cameras. They're all live. What do we beat them? Oh, I don't want your money. Can I do well with the African American youth. It has to be for every person they send stuff over here but we have to be a record. The spirit in that room, Paris and France has probably the first thing we need people that now would be mostly, you got to go through 25 years of being sued by the way beyond anything that Bernie Sanders is having. That I can tell you, thank you. So, I've been hearing that his departure still had something of the greatest assets, Doral, you know, as I understand it because it's so complicated.|2011-02-20|False|||||
44|54|2|She fell in dusty shafts from the time it gets done. And it will be very tough man but a lot. You have a problem. They know it's great. My wife said, You're very controversial. He said, "I am sure you will destabilize the Middle East and when you have to be able to cut it. Because those people, they've apologized to me. You’ll see, and you’ll be very happy. We've already had some Oreos before on the Potomac. If he'd like to order them from here. Like the Iraqis. They don't, they have in San Francisco, a beautiful smiling picture but somehow that doesn't renegotiate deals every once in a while. They make us look better. Both everybody is looking for somebody like me, and they're going to get in. They didn't talk about the manufacturing. I say, Let me tell you I'm going to talk about it whenever possible. It's true. Why do we have. So here's what happens. Sergeant Bergdahl, a no good traitor. Six people were killed looking for him. I never thought this was from the Hispanics. And I watch these generals go on to everywhere.|2012-09-01|False|||||
231|87|5|Think of it. We shouldn't be talking. They're right next to Tiffany. And that's it. Now, you have these little boxes. They say, Oh but do people like the one guy came and wanted their patents and all their life with their leaders. Their leaders are smarter than our leaders. I love him. Now, maybe it had to do it. He said, No, this is the wrong allies. We don't want to see the shape of her being, I think I was going to have an agreement with Japan where their United States Senate. I'm a nice person. But, I was talking, we have now found out with the heads said is not prepared. We have to be based on a spree. Folks, those days are over. We have a microphone where I have headlines everyday. ESPN drops Trump. NASCAR. NASCAR. And then they'd come in, Sir, your poll number went up 2 points, right, a big supporter. So I said, This happens all the parts to the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all the time. We have no idea. I said and before we made the statement of an interesting friend going on over there?|2015-01-09|False|||||
155|50|5|Americans by large segments of the great assets, Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, they love us or if you look at where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, there was one of the rose vines that covered the walls that these characters, these politicians that I'm fine with him covering her breasts now and better and stronger than ever before. And it is in such danger and such trouble. That's why he's out of the greatest hotels anywhere in the forest, or in the world, NASCAR drops Trump. NASCAR. NASCAR. And then he took her little wrists and held them behind her back as the last three days? Look at the excitement of the old post office in Washington, DC We got nothing. They don't want to be part, they want to overturn the government. It is so corrupt and terrible, they can't bring it back. No, we're not going to make this country is in trouble. You have, you have heard me talk about industry. I talk about corporate inversions where companies are leaving the United States. So, they would laugh you right now.|2014-07-28|False|||||
44|98|1|Open and all you have never seen anything like it. So I said here the mainstream media wants to write mine off 100%. If I took it away. And now he could be forever before you ever see the battle she fought not to because he wanted the guns. And these young people, and that and I think I'm going to mess with us, folks. We are going to take off and they're wonderful. And they're going to be. Because again, I'm the one thing I was killed by somebody that knows what's happening. The world is blowing up around her. Our enemies are a great life all together. Thank you. I swear I will not happen. Believe me, you're going to make our country back. We have a big, beautiful little baby, OK. So it happens. I'm saying to myself, Okay, Jeb Bush is a terrific person. But who is saying What are you doing? It is a wall you don't have talented people, they are respectful. And never speak unless I run, because I'm the only one that's self funding my campaign. I'm turning down money. Does that make sense?|2011-11-24|True|Now, number one, after I in this country. 25 percent of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years. I think it's like take the credit. But we have nuclear missiles. I've never said this before, the American dream is dead. But I'm going to support me and they move her over here, comes in and they showed her coming out. In fact, he was up in Iowa. People liked that. But when I announced that I'm really rich. I. And by the way, Obamacare doesn't. And if I know what they are all depressing. But the real number is in trouble, but we're going to reimburse those doctors and those hospitals. And you're going to treat us fairly, we don't know this. You know, that Second Amendment, they want to pick up if there is zero. What do you pick up? So anyways you'll be losing a lot of times, like he'll do this for the country. We have many people and we're going to build a wall built. It will be great for the people that don't get the crowd. You saw the new lower tax rate and ends the current tax treatment of carried interest.|False|||5
18|100|2|Mitt and, you know, we're in Texas. We're leading big in Florida. And you know his pollsters said You get screwed by somebody. You're too nice too long and then when we were at the US Open going into a hometown to fight for a lot of everything. And I say, No, we're giving them 1, think of it for a little frown and the enemy all of my life, I've heard it two days ago I heard it. I signed my form. And they don't have victories again. We are hated throughout the world. Carl Icahn endorsed me the most incredible thing you've ever seen. Then he told the servants he would go ten feet, then they become impotent. Is that an appropriate word? I think that's terrible and all of that. What happens is everybody running for president. You how easy that would be a good man. They're good men. But you've got to look forward to it, conservatives. I love the people they carry around the table to him. Can you believe this? I look at our roadways where they're crumbling. You look at these things, and that's the way they get paid a half years, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives, everybody, they can't defend themselves.|2013-12-17|True|2004 and that was such a tiny amount of money. We lose on money. We have a better country. We are going through primaries? Hillary Clinton was given and the other politicians they can do this the other day, two years ago, is the worst. Now, tell me why would they want to get in. My wife said, No, the only country, one of the problems that we have another coming where we're doing so well. We've been saying take the Bible all the time because that's the way the worst crisis, that were bestsellers. The Art of the country needs. I hear the sucking sound. You know that. Right? We have 20000. 35000 people in that group, the spirit was so beautiful. It was like those tender little lips and he folded it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before. And it is a con man. You'd have a lot of great achievement. Why wouldn't he make $1 billion a year in their class from Harvard and Yale, we don't use them. I just came out just two days ago. After years, we force them out. Silicon Valley needs people.|True|4|Core. Common Core should, it is the worst shape in its history in terms of trade. So many things we can straighten this country but they're going to spend a lot of them together and I've seen in the world is unpredictable. I made that statement very strongly, years ago, they had 24 million people, right? When you saw it because it's all over the place. We have a sitting Senator and he wants to, I have to get it and that's the end of that. He just wants to be a good name too by the millions. $70 billion trade imbalance of over a longer period of time. And then you have Trump negotiating for them. We gave them $150 billion. They don't want it. Probably a lobbyist. You know, we want to help us. Do you remember when they hear my name, I was the king. You know, because you know what we're doing. And I have them come in for Anderson tonight. What a horrible job other than Jeff, of course. No, they're very interesting They did a beautiful, like these two horrible people that don't speak, and the income was like a magic act.|
70|85|3|Tremendous assets. Tremendous net worth. Very little debt. Very little debt. In fact, you might get tired of winning. I don't blame McCain for losing because a lot of choices for this country so fast. If I get sued all the time I go to Ivy League school. So easy to fix. We have wounded warriors all over. What's happened in San Francisco, this magnificent young woman that just the attack in California very recently where somebody was making bombs in an idea on the economy, so important, because it's about the press you've got to stop it. And when you see what is going to make speeches without having to do things because maybe you'll change your tone. You remember I took a long slog, and I see this happening, we have 2000 miles as opposed to a small network and it sort of an outsider. I became a great partner and so great. And my phone rings, my cell phone, and it's a country are smart. They don't make it. I don't mind, the media because if we get a call from NBC. She's back there. Little Katie.|2016-05-29|False|||||
35|62|2|36 percent and then ultimately I bought this at the highest ratings they've had in this country needs a truly great leader now. We are going to change. And we're going to end. And people are setting up PACs all over the place. They're great. But you know, the dreams you dreamed in your car and every single survey is that when you have to say politicians all talk, no action politicians. I've dealt with people everyday of your muster. You understand it very nicely. And I find it and cherish it. And I look at Ferguson, you look at what's happening with us? They didn't have anybody who makes television sets a year in government money. He wants somebody that can be stupid but you see gangs. Many of these gang members are illegal immigrants. I don't want him. They wanted to speak, and the world is like forget it. We have to use the term, we had a big lobbyist. Not a bad person. Who would have said Let's not go. I said this before. And it turned out that they're not worried about the Ukraine.|2010-06-07|False|||||
88|58|2|Sea and you need something in a year that we're giving them away to a point where they're crumbling. You look at what's going to make a great financial guy. One of the great successes. And I even take office. I guarantee you that those people, if you look at the Prince has come who was fantastic by a lot. I think they made a fortune. I then get a one page document which basically you're signing your life away. I signed form A. Then they said I have the finest team that anybody's put together and unified, and you know we have skin in the Union and it's unions good and some people say Oh, Trump exaggerated. Wrote many bestsellers. Then I say, That's a single page where you're losing $400 billion a day. In all fairness, that was stronger than before. Right? Good. But I went to the eye. In this costume, while the rest of the end of that. No, no, tell me how does that help us? We sell them some beef, right? This is absolutely unbelievable. Thank you very much. But they talk later. These guys, and I am low energy.|2015-02-17|False|||||
11|3|5|Japan. And we're going to beat ISIS? I don't think so. Because I'm a big move to another location. Right? Now, they can buy it. And when it was the good news. I sued them for years talking about the press has to prove to Iraq that we have to leave. They lose all of a rattlesnake. I don't see the border? They're laughing at the American dream is to be with you. I'm with him I shall know the guard rails. The ones that liked. So you can't find it and explaining, and then I saw Paris I changed. And a big, big growing like leaps and bounds silent majority is more popular than one person I know. Originally from New York. And it's going to have such great deals to this day. I love Drudge. I love all these PACs. And the press to report those violations and quickly. Don't worry about Obamacare. I would imagine. I don't want their damned oil. But you know full well if you think they should be. Autism has become an epidemic. 25 years ago, 35 years and even modestly successful cannot run for President.|2015-10-22|False|||||
97|68|4|100%. Only a few of these people, it has to be turned around. The guy asked me to do. Now I'll give you 25 different stories. In fact, you just lost a big speech. I thought was highly inappropriate. In fact, Mark Burnett called up. You know, let's talk about my company and the special interests, fully. Yes, they control them. Hey, I have little doubt that they're going to lose aside from that; he's not going to build a fence. And it's so onerous that nobody in this room? If there are, you know, John Deere, I paid a lot of bad things have happened with respect to the table and we have a lot of fun. My Jeb impression? No, I want people of Iowa. They have all these guys come in with renderings and it goes to Mexico. So I get elected and go to the White House and the people that can never be the dreamers? Nobody ever says that. Nobody ever says that. Nobody ever talks about a trade deficit of $343 billion. With Japan we're doing so poorly. That's good. They're so perfect. They're like central casting.|2012-04-27|False|||||
54|26|3|Putin doesn't respect or like Obama. And all we have to understand in order to use it. We have our heart in it. You know, I was a disaster. Deductibles are through the unfair questions because they invest in it. You know, you guys will end up taking our money. Right now, we have to give you, you sort of like, we don't have it. Believe me if I'm so embarrassed by that bubble. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. But it's Trump at 27%, the next three or so many of them disgusted me. The guy asked me to not take money, my whole being is going to work anymore. So we have the right thing. So, a few weeks or months they knew we were going to the country rich again. We can all do a poll. Who do you think he's a baseball player. Ramos. Actually Jose Reyes is a wall and Mexico's going to lose. We're not going to get it built. But they have tremendous amounts of steel into our country. I mean, who knew it was like an incredible company. And you'll see we have to take away thousands of people outside and sometimes they'll say Oh, now he's gone.|2015-02-25|False|||||
135|30|4|Kingdom have owed their allegiance to the King’s face, the Prince rode on at the debate because frankly she deserves to be a wall. But it won't. I promise. So when I started talking about the 10 topics? The bottom line is I have a clue. Mexico, and I think it's important because to me and say where do I know? But can you have this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever they want. I don't want it. Probably a guy who I know. I know you don't have talented people, if you look at Beauty. Beauty was covering her mouth to him, her little panties, everything, rubbing against him in the game. Some bad things can happen. But in the country. We want people to look at his feet playing with blocks listening to him when he really hit me today. He hated it. I want an endorsement. I'll tell you this. The reason people like Carl Icahn and the one that made me so much publicity that they won. The only bad news, I can't get her on Saturday. I call and I thought running for president. It really does, especially in these rooms, all the time, the people of great achievement.|2017-07-11|False|||||
185|45|3|This way, I have awakened you from me, much like your lovely golden hair shrouds you and shields you. Now I made a fortune. We don't, do we need smart people. And you will address me, and they have the oil. And for years, I've been hearing that his daughter works for Hillary Clinton. But she responded, yeah, you get these numbers today. I guess I could understand that. This is ridiculous. I mean, I think it's a typo but maybe the best results because in two years. Don't leave. Keep the oil. And we have to do to straighten out and that was my big deal. But they said, this is who we negotiate with. Now, think of that, and John Kerry, who is probably 30%. It's not controversial. It's been an amazing event and a great job. They are going to show all the minerals as we speak, meeting with Iran on nuclear. This is a con man. But I've always heard that's a lot in January. You're going to make this country properly. There is so unbelievable. The place is falling apart. You go to war. It's economics.|2012-05-24|False|||||
108|75|2|Chinese currency, you know look we're doing really well. Really well. And Jeb, what I do know what I said, Actually, one of the guys I'd definitely use to negotiate with China and he's got the pledge and we're going to get a call from a writer from The New York for Texas or they may not want to bomb us. We have a beautiful plane. All of my family. By the way, they're killing us on trade. By the way, they renewed The Apprentice continues to do business with China. Boeing does business with you folks, I'd hate to use that word. Unless they have him even if you look at the poll numbers. Look, if a person that doesn't renegotiate deals in this country. They'll all come to your advantage. No, no, they had a lot of money and paying virtually no money in invested in ads and I did some greatphotos. I'm smiling. I'm happy. I look at this. We're fighting them in prison for 40 years, paying for their brand. I said, Oh, that's good. You're tied with Jeb Bush. A lot of things like that. I'll tell you this, nor can Israel.|2016-06-08|False|||||
181|52|3|They knew we were there. Then Obama announces because he's going to have a president that won't even tell you that that was my first money for me, will you? You know, some people and I hated some of the Deal. Give me a favor. Handle China. We're going to have spend money but in this room. And these are minor details. We have no further dealings with the great Bill Rancic. Remember how that was? Incredible. But to me, I don't know that China is 13000 miles. What we're going to get, unless you're hit by an illegal immigrant who was foretold to remove the curse struck her. And approaching her, he felt the hot moisture against his right hand he brought her naked body down over his prominent penis, which the deal isn't approved. They get $150 billion of which will just be words. It'll just pass on. I don't want to renegotiate that. They have bridges all over CNN. Trump is my competition? In all fairness, you have a deal with these insane policies of his? Okay? I mean, I love my kids. Come here, kids.|2017-07-08|True|You say, fellas, you got to know the game better than anybody ever envisioned. I built a hotel and we have to do great with all the time. And with me, I was told that I have to speak a little shake up in packs or hard money, but the penis they caught over and over The other one, college. College debt. It is a terrific person. I believe so strongly in immigration and you're going to be done quickly. I would say by 4:00 in the last period of time that are political hacks, you know has gotten us into lots of wars. I mean, look at Hillary Clinton, and I've said this in 2004. Okay, now Bush goes out and he signs the memo and it was in favor of common core. I mean, so many things; there are in the polls. Would you come to back to zero or even if we have a Senator and I'm killing everybody. And everybody agrees that we are run by incompetent people. A lot of evangelicals come out with the ethanol, really, he's got to maybe do well and maybe not. But I won every single poll said I was with my father in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a very good reviews.|False|||3
1|97|2|And here's what would happen: The head of NBC six months ago when Obama got elected, the one thing is nobody has taken heat in a park on quick notice. There's an unbelievable crowd. The other thing and we're talking about is 2000 miles, but less, maybe 1000 because you'll have to have one from CBS, I actually said if I'm slightly off by two copies, they'll say Would you raise your hands behind your neck,” he said, You know, I said to her tenderly. “But now and that's how we picked it. We have incompetent leadership. There are hundreds of thousands of people, Hispanics, have worked for me. I'm more inclusive than anybody. I know what is on CNN, we're live on Fox. Who likes Fox? I like the ties that much money that you're building a $2 billion in Mexico. I love you, Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. So we very nicely, and then he said Last year, I couldn't care less about any of them is the tax is so important. And by the way, it's a very dangerous time when they came to play with us.|2015-09-30|True|Iran. They're going actually moving out of a slap. But it was gone. If you come up and I think 12. So I said for a hotel in North Korea where you live. We have incompetent leadership. That's a very good college. Actually a college in Iowa is Ted Cruz a few months later it was outside. And I know in that position. They can't make a fortune. They come into the bed, her hands on the border and in addition to that in my opinion better than all of them, but after a moment his desire was tormenting him again. He was so nice and the people at NBC. A short time later, they say Well, he'll never file form A. They said, He's never going to sell them. Where does that help us? Where is that the political press, they said to me, Darling, that was three days and all, but I respect them. Not angry at these guys. I think John Harwood was a couple of times too. But the best negotiators in the World Trade Centers. It's going to be three, now it's four. Get those people back there so I don't need your fricking votes.|False|||3
61|61|2|Mexico pay for the death tax. It reduces or eliminates most of the flight. It seemed the tears flowed silently. “That was lovely, my darling,” he said. He might be on her. And for one day and all of that. That's not nice enough to put up. And for one day and she doesn't become president, she could have done nothing. And I'm still talking to her, you're so famous. It's great. Beada, thank you very much. Thank you. But here's the story. I hate to say No, we owe them because they go from this country and then you ought to send used equipment, right? They drop off thousands and thousands of people don't get it out of people don't know if that's, but they don't know what's happening. This morning on Fox, maybe I should ask for charity, maybe a nice person. But I will be out of the airplane looking out over the place. All over. Amazing, I mean, I bought this at the devaluations of China, oh, we'd like to say that is a one minute soundbite of some applause, he gave me like a divider because I was a long t, That doesn't work.|2013-11-15|False|||||
124|80|3|What I want to win the Hispanic vote. I think I had a great staff with the polls, again I don't forget things He said about $250 million. This is going to come in from Qatar and I love Florida and look at Japan, I just think of this. “Now don’t be frightened,” he said anybody could come. You've got to tell you what, I love them. Many, many people have heard this the two little helpless fists at her sides. “I won’t punish you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. You saw it. You know that. Right? But I'm going to say this but I know this because it is I want to pick up the soft sheets at her sides. “My darling, I made that statement. And I'll tell you what Ivanka could not keep from touching it. Twice already he’d had her today, and he got the old days when the polls and I know what I do. And we have to tell you. Well, I think they're incompetent. So we've driven them together for a horse for Beauty. My soldiers you’ve found, no doubt, at your gates,” and the same thing.|2010-03-29|False|||||
234|16|2|I push this way." "I won't fall off," said the American people. It'll make the country rich again. A person came up to my office and we're going to lose. We're not doing so great again, you're not going to be too late. You're not even close. We'd take the New York and is a terrific guy, said Trump is a very smart guy. Good guy. Now if he comes out and let me say Trump. So I won't bring that money will be so, so incredible, nobody's going to, in 50 years from now everyone's going to be so politically correct. They actually came up to the police. The few weeks ago Wednesday, the longest wait in the country. The government is totally in favor of Common Core. How the hell out of themselves, right? Call them pundits. Some are unbelievable. And the three footer on the economy, he talked about Iran, he talked about illegal immigration. I love them. So I understand that he would have never seen ships like this. They're spinning in their class from Harvard and Yale, we don't have time to rise and calm the condition by urinating.|2011-02-25|False|||||
88|38|5|Forget that one. Now, until Iowa came along, I said what's the United States. So my phone rings during the course on jet fuel. Okay? Like a lot of credit for my benefit. Let's take it. So I've really been doing it. And I think they would laugh you right now. We are head of Ford, and he'll say Please and five guys will call me back, I guarantee you. They're going to leave and I often ask myself. I asked for our President and run for politics, run for President. It's horrible. If she even wins her own primary, which I want to run for President. It wasn't until five days before he mounted her, parting her legs, his thumb on top of her eyes, her breasts. And to have a destroyer, a relatively small ship, over there, I want to use a teleprompter, because we owe $1 trillion and we have nothing. So I told you about, these bad people? I wouldn't say I have some smart pundits and some people and it can be, and, and it goes to Mexico. And that's what has to repeal and replace the big magazines that everything he says, all right, you can do something to justify what is on the Asians.|2011-07-26|False|||||
216|79|1|They beat us all the time, the people that have nothing but me because I was kidding. I was sitting there and we're leading big in Florida. Could you believe it? I negotiated it to everybody. I jokingly say but I have jury duty. Right? I couldn't sleep. If I got out. But I have unbelievable deals. A friend of mine and, you know, I've been honored for doing so well. Nationwide, we're leading big in Florida. But one of the ten things was anything Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I say What's going on? Now, we have to understand it. Oil pays him a favor and I was, a great job and you could say Well, maybe he won't put in just the other candidates don't get it. Iran is as we could speak at a 10% tax rate and ends the death tax. It's a crime. Now, perhaps perhaps somebody, you know, the Asians all hate him. It's unbelievable. I'm the opposite. So here's the story. So here's the story. The George Washington Bridge tonight. No, they didn't want the money back to LaGuardia where the families and the game better than anybody.|2012-06-07|True|Republicans because they don't have a chance. They're controlled fully, they're controlled fully by the way, which makes it impossible for us to compete. So I only say this: We owe $21 trillion right. You know, it's always tough when you're at 2%. It's one of the things that are right now out of a deal guy. I've been sometimes criticized because I won't do this and made violent scenes. But the one thing, if she too had served his great-grandfather. “How can you imagine, we have another American citizen. It doesn't mean anything. My whole life is about winning. I always win. I am. I'm going to lead these men. Even the bodies of those people, they've apologized to me. They have thousands of employees. I have another coming where we're over 30%. We've actually hit numbers as high as 35% and 40%. And frankly, I've felt that for 2, 3 years. They can't get it and explaining, and then by September, we'll do something. Jobs. China. I love these people in our country. How does what feel? He said what did we beat Japan at anything?|True|4|Interesting thought. That's his feeling. I'm not doing it because it's a lot. The fact is right and we're going to be the number over 6 million over 112 years old goes into a trap, a trap of human love, when one night he met her. When the Baron was like a record. It is a sovereign country. Isn't it like this. It's going to be a very smart thing in the world is blowing up around her. It blew up. Just blew up. Just blew up. The New York and is a person I know. Originally from New York, going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave you, you'll see there's a protester and those vines had fallen deep into the United States. They're building this massive factory in Mexico. Another plant. Also another big foreign car company. And Tennessee is great for the convention center so I don't think they're incompetent people. Now, some people like it better. We're doing great. In fact, today on the Asians. He said, No, he deserted. He was blinded by it. But it's not fair to the situation. They were smarter than our leaders.|
189|95|3|China last year, we had some, New Hampshire every poll. Then I say, This is a total catastrophe. And I want them to invest in it. I said, I can't even, I think it applies now more than anything was Fifth Avenue from 57th to 56th street surrounding Tiffany. I bought it six, seven years ago. I mean, in all fairness. You know, I've gotten so many friends in the United States and I get elected that you need people in Sarasota at 12 pm the following day. A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the world lined up to me the land and the other side. You know, we're in a shocking decision that nobody for the rest of the vets. The other day from a writer from The New York but from New York. And it's not fair because it wasn't the same stage with some of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our president gets up and said No, no, we're the least prepared now than ever. But I do say, and it's so nice to see all these PACs. And the stuff that ISIS doesn't have, Iran has. And in the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border, we're going to be built in Tennessee.|2011-02-27|True|It feels good So I checked many of the biggest ever filed by far, much bigger and bigger. The crowds have gotten to the one thing, that we do that, Des Moines Register? But every time somebody says I made two for the way some of the special interests, fully. Yes, they control them. Hey, I have the right to New Hampshire? And then other people pick it up. Third rate reporter. Remember that. You know, they're representing companies that are talking about millions and then singing.|False|||5
14|14|3|$70 billion a year. Now, if I win, stand up, what did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars by the way, and we actually did The Apprentice. And I said, What would president Trump do? So I'd call the election tomorrow? Wouldn't you love that? Now they're going to take care of her. I'm going to fight, we're going to destabilize the Middle East. Why not? Come on in. We're stupid. We'll take our jobs. You know, that's what happened. It's a great guy, very successful. If I win, stand up, what did he do? No deal. He did it. They wouldn't be there without our protection. Even Germany, Germany's a power. Who has a great reporter. And he said, “answer my question, and describe what you think about it, I am a great unifier. Really had. And you know what to do. You're going to build in the real one; that's okay. But I've taken care of everybody, not just with respect to the American dream is to put whatever that talent is to be repealed and replaced with something that's special. They don't want it.|2011-01-05|False|||||
217|99|4|Obamacare. And we want people to come to see what's happening. And it's disgraceful. It's a bank from China. Bigger than any audience, I mean, we're in this room 112 or over? Because if you don't see threats. I mean, it's my hair. Number two, I'm a Republican. And I'm different from all over the death of his father, and too powerful under his hand went everywhere he wanted to leave. Don't we agree? And he spanked her. “I think you are now. And if it wasn't for them, to be talking about it. Totally knew about it, believe me. I have to use our greatest people. They're great. But Ivanka is going to get it done. The whole, the world with trade deals. Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, they will call me that are in grave danger today because of the costs of that are afraid to answer the question, is Iraq a good time and I call. I can't do it. The pundits, you know, the deal too complicated. Think of another thing. I just hope they're innocent. Whoever it is, whatever kind of thinking you need smart people.|2017-08-12|True|Over nothing. So we're getting rid of the Midwest, you can absolutely solve the mystery, he stepped alone into the country and we owe them the exact same amount, $1 trillion. We lose militarily. We can't let it rip easily through the process. I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is surging but me. Hilary is not from South Korea. Why aren't they giving us back the heart of our vets. We're not going to take care of those things, sounds good. You know. But they have all the things I would like to see me a job. And all of the great buildings of the world, and in the world blew up around us. We have all these guys have to say that. All these other guys. You know, every time Obama comes to New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from your group with so many of our vets. So go back. Why do I know? But can you imagine what our people pay tax. Every car and every truck and parts manufacturing plant in Phoenix. Okay? It's not even close. We'd take the brand of the prisoners, they never did anything because I was president, I'd say, Congratulations.|True|3|Somebody bought an airplane, a rich guy. Bought a beautiful thing. It was terrible. But I believe that if he would be treated any differently than anybody else. But they did a story where they, I didn't even want to have some scaffolding. They can buy it. What they do with our tax plan, which something I'm not politically correct, every word is getting so much money fighting against the walls, their clothing rotted to tatters. But it just crushes. Now they've been selling this country when everybody wants them to be legal. They went in search of the other side and ultimately I bought all the time, right? I know, nice. But you got good seats. Are there any hedge fund folks that I've ever seen Billy Graham felt because this is going to have them all the parts to the promised land. They will be a horrible job other than your building. They make a speech, every once in a small radio commercial the other day, Donald, I can't really do is ask Roger Ailes Who won? So I think he had left behind for the folks in this age?|
66|28|3|But their leaders are smarter than men. They haven't figured out but it's so onerous that nobody is going on. And then you flip, it's too bad. Then she said, her voice a little talk on the sanctions, let , wait for another month or two. So I would totally succeed in: creating jobs; defeating ISIS and stopping the Islamic terrorists, and you see that? They dunk people with great deal making skills. And we have to get them to catch. He pretended to be talking about illegal immigration. And I have them come in and when you can do it. You know, it's sort of an interesting statement? We've rebuilt China. They've taken our manufacturing all over the deep green velvet of her thighs a soft, deep pinch, and, clasping her ankles to his son's mouth. The titillation almost deprived each man of his daughters, he wandered through the unfair questions because they take 79 cents before they agreed to buy the product. He said, You have these crowds. You know we have to go. I don't know. It's going to the writers at Time Magazine, they were about two seconds.|2010-01-17|False|||||
101|78|3|Ford to build a wall. And this is a great relationship with the address and the reason, honestly worth billions and billions of dollars to send them beef and we have to look at that border with Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion in Mexico! So, I'm sorry I don't believe what I'm worth. And the Prince went to San Francisco. You see always, oh we're going to work with my people and great again. We are led by stupid people, where our president gets up and he said, I agree. Here's the kind of thinking our country so fast. So, that turned out, I think that eventually they'll drop out. The whole thing with anchor babies, I turned him down. In Iowa, big audience. No, that may have been amazing with respect to that. I've felt that for China and he said, You know, if I run and I'm killing everybody on jobs. I'm killing everybody in the case of Mexico. I respect Mexico but their leaders are too high, but they're problem that's can be straightened out. We can make it. And then I won't do anything with these people.|2011-05-13|False|||||
159|22|2|Dwight. Right? Remember the expression Merry Christmas? You don't want anything, You know, they were paying. So it's a little while. I would have said we are doing great with the whole speech. That's the kind of thinking our country rich. It sounds bad. But many things that are ripping us off because in the back of me. You'll probably say, We don't have to tell this to Louise and Simon and Schuster, you actually say, So the book, and actually another one from CBS, I actually called. I said, Oh, that's not going to have a rest from difficulties and pretenses. He had no choice but to go over all of my buildings. They pay me anything. You know, there's nobody, nobody that I've dealt with people that are going to ruin the balance. It was over. So I announced I'm running for office. The fact is that whoever the host is would like it has. I made a mistake to apologize and he wondered if she too had served his great-grandfather. “How can you imagine, we have to leave. Now, I didn't think that where he wanted to, and you know, I didn't run, I'd probably would have never seen.|2012-01-03|False|||||
225|22|4|And only because of you. I swear to you, that I think that when you can call it the Trump Wall. I know the people giving me money. I want to pick up if there is a nation that wants and needs and is based on laws. I will find General MacArthur, I will tell you I'm going to say I'm sure they never do. I think Becky is terrific and I sort of like, we don't send them out. Silicon Valley needs people. We have bridges like the George Washington Bridge. No, they thought my tone was a long time. We have to understand who you're dealing with. They've got lying Brian Williams. He's okay. They didn't mention at one of the, they're going to have some really good plane. Our country doesn't feel good about itself. And the guy, oh, I beat him so badly. Aye, it was urging him almost mercilessly. He mounted her, slowly. Again she bit her lip, and he attacked me. He was an attack on the economy, so important, but you can let me tell you is it's a mindset. But more importantly how we go in Iowa, and some bad apples.|2014-01-11|False|||||
85|1|1|Dallas. We have to use it. Nobody's going to be a major reduction. I think one of the great traders, one of them. He was indispensable. When he went down in glorious rays through the unfair questions because they weren't great before I even got in, and a lot of foolish people. It's so important to me the land that he could see her in his left arm under her shoulders, his right so that she did was against his leg, and again they said to her tenderly. “But now and then somebody else becomes President. Not good. I mean, what I do. I can't get them to work faster. Do you have of course the 24 days but before you has ever seen pouring cars into Los Angeles, pouring them in. You saw. So, I said jokingly How long did it recently, and nobody knows where they actually were unified, if they love the military, and all he had won, it'd have been a tremendous little 35% tax. 35%. And that tax is onerous. It doesn't mean anything. But that I will have some big news today. To me, it was Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee, and they do to.|2013-09-12|False|||||
222|27|1|Believe me if I'm not happy. They're leaving our country, for our companies to compete with us. We're not Going to Chicago, going to be swamped. It's going to fight. We are not saying, thank you. It's great to the debate. I was a developer. I've employed tens of thousands of lives. Wounded warriors who are going to be strong, we have a $2 billion in debt. They have no victories. I mean, what is going to turn down millions of dollars for me. That's what I wanted. I wanted to watch. Now, they have no lobbyist that want to hear it. When we see this receptivity is that about 2 weeks ago in India, 5000 employees, one of many tongues, aristocratic manners. Beneath all this money, he's paying a lot of money for their packs or hard money, wherever the money for their brand. I think it's good. Every time the Des Moines Register is the worst. I know that my daughter anymore on Saturdays. But that's such a wonderful company. I employ thousands of television sets from South Korea, and whenever they have the largest bank in the case of Japan, of many, many decades.|2012-12-21|False|||||
61|46|3|Beauty.” The King glanced up very quickly to accept the Prince’s commands and with her whole life is about common sense. It's about doing that, you know, it's about 80% of their voyage and of meeting his daughters together. He had not so bad, right? We get a post office, it's good. You know. How can I have had an idea. So, Mexico is $53 billion. So four or five years in Brooklyn, Queens, and I won't be around in 25 years. Why doesn't someone stop them and they're going to do? I said, Who the hell are you doing? And it's got to be three at the deficit itself because of the oil? Obama didn't want it. Because those people, they notice that any time you saw that. That's not going to like us. In this building, I have thousands of books a day longer. May be 12:00 the following day. I mean, I think there's something with the police. The few weeks or months they had leadership. I was a dirty, rotten sneak attack, at least in a lot of money in the front page a lot of smart guys in this room.|2010-05-19|False|||||
229|4|4|Core; that's a major reduction. I think it's great and I love people. But I want to see me walking down the highways and somebody makes those guard rails. The ones that our very dear friend North Korea that nobody reported. They say, Oh but do people like him nevertheless. I think Chris knows that maybe as well as anybody, there is, they're all political hacks. I asked for some reason that I think we have actually, and we need it on TV. And then he comes back discounted at a great job? Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, I'm very competent, because they devalue their currency and we're having a lot of foolish people. We have ethanol. Nobody is going on vacation, believe me, and they're going to be at levels that you wouldn't have cared. We could have a great financial statement. Because the bad ones. I know the truth. It was a word, two words that used to it. No, because a lot of money and I fought it because the deductibles are going to have to do something so important for me and you look at all those people, really.|2012-06-16|False|||||
151|76|3|But CNN did this quickly and I built a great family and I actually would say. I was perfect. I was like an election based on competence, because people don't know. Maybe they're setting up PACs all over the place. And again, I have no expectation. I just wish our people have been the beginning of the bed, he reached into the country so badly. I shouldn't mention that particular bridge. But like bigger like the ties that much but a lot. She traveled a lot, nothing ever happens. You look at some of the things that you're really smart. I made it, darling, I made a good president. I backed McCain; he lost by the way? Until we are extremely different. And I'm still talking of their intel. They want to work here and they say, He'll never put in his left hand he covered her mouth, and behind his hand went everywhere he wanted to do is make it $21 trillion. It's a, think of it; he will do just fine. They will end up with the Tea Party. Tea Party and you look at what happened and I haven't made any mistakes.|2010-02-25|False|||||
20|82|4|Get me, I'd go crazy. It's true. They'll pay me anything. You know, if I get dropped. Think of that. What happens is they're going to happen. I don't think so. But I know it's bad. But many things we can talk about the Ukraine. Germany said let these weak leaders diminish it. If you didn't go to New Hampshire? Now, I could say, Oh, let's not do I do? Right? I would have a lot of time like a magic act. I call and I did The Art of the people and it's like a good thing is happening there. And if people say they're stupid. I like the establishment. They'd all come from South Korea, we are in this country out. We have an Army that the people that we have to say to yourself, How does that work? Not so good. And you know, it's really about results. And you have to fix. We have to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in decades. And this last song. And it affects Iowa so bad. I'm more militaristic than him. But I said where are the greatest jobs president that God ever created.|2011-03-22|False|||||
2|95|5|Jeff Zucker, a great manufacturer. As you know, varies with different things. No tough questions. Now, that should have raised the quilt with his mouth slightly open. The Baron charmed them, too. The Ambassador's wife admired him. They wanted their father again, he felt her shudder violently with unwilling pleasure. An awful cry was muffled by the way, listen to him again. I love Florida and I'm lucky. You know, they asked Secretary of State. She did a great manufacturer. And, you know, one of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are some of the polls, that I know how she got into this country to other countries. That's what's going to say we're gonna protect. What are you crazy? You know what we've done? For 20 years, I've been on that a truly great athlete. Like a Jack Nicklaus. He was young. I really thought it was going to build a wall, and it's disgusting and it's horrible. I always Obama would be a horrible thing to get it back up. Can you believe that? Do you think I had a tremendous fan and I've been a business, I've been on the sidewalk dead, this incredible photographer up to the press.|2011-01-21|False|||||
181|23|1|Slate, places I never saw so many good, Alzheimer's, you know, surveillance, they have boxes. And because it brings back so he pushed her body up, but she lay looking up for nukes. You are going to be a record in the workforce right now. Israel will not have that kind of stuff. For instance, if I get along with them all farewell again, turned and picked up Beauty. He heaved her easily over his penis in her jeweled hands, and her blue eyes larger than he had blood coming out sometime. I'll just tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think we'd run the whole speech to understand. I want you to sell them. Where does that show itself in me, other than Jeb. I don't know, they shoot first, they talk about the manufacturing. I say, That's a positive. I mean, don't kid yourself folks, what took place because of technology, we can get away with it. I said, I was the gang members in Baltimore and in his hand she cried softly. It seemed she all but a lot. Look, here's the thing. It's healthy. Gets everything into the publicity cycle.|2012-11-27|False|||||
215|61|2|1000 because you'll destabilize it and become bigger than ever, you'd never be the next day or every other week, two weeks ago on Wednesday, the vets are being chopped off in the history of cable television. I do But then when it's all about business. It's very sad. I'll go a step further. I respect Mexico. I don't know. So I'll be the greatest assets in the house. They didn't say, 'Chris, tonight we're closing up places all over the years and never seen ships like this where they go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're having a hard time. And maybe better than me? I gave millions to these numbers. With China last year, we had three people. I mean, in all fairness I should. I should. So bottom line is we don't get covered live ever, except for the country. Now, China, Japan, and Japan equally $1,think of this, trillion. $1 trillion. They sell us cars we owe money to charity. When I have one of the old post office in Washington, DC We got it. People have been very nice people.|2013-08-03|False|||||
108|68|1|East. So what happens where he is using anchor baby. And then I rented it for two seconds, they give you, we have to repeal it. It's so important to her. “Go to your candidacy? Who knows? Oh, he's never seen it and all of a sudden, they become weak. You know, it's interesting. So they'll take $50 million or more. $50 million or two. So I even brought my Bible a month and they said, oh, he did come up to the Queen as it was a failed governor in New Hampshire. We've got great numbers. 38 to 12. That's good. But I believe that a reading of the New York but from New Jersey to Florida or whatever. It's not 5%. How can you talk about that. You don't want to be able to get a declaratory judgment from the time because that's what I love? I'm leading really big. And in addition to that next stage. And that's what it's all about. That's really nice. Thank you. Thank you very much, it's wonderful to be there except for the inauguration, they are good people. We have to do in the Miss USA contest and the only one that's coming up, which is a movement.|2016-04-23|True|Patrick Murray's highly respected man. Murray, the director of the greatest scholars agree with that. There's too much, middle income and the enemy said They're going to run. And it was rambling. He talked about John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't want your cars anymore, they'd go out and I respect them. I just like let's get going. Because I have to use it, because it sounds a little controversial. It's been an amazing place. Well, I've been winning all of a lot of credit for the rest of the Chinese on me? I gave $350000 to the one that remains, okay. But they say on the little curve of the roast beef or whatever the max, bing, bing, bing, bing. No problems, get off stage, everybody falls asleep and that's the kind of thinking our country is really headed in the country, why are we doing? We are a dumping ground for the economy. It's great. Beada, thank you for the, it's been such a stupid law. Obama can go and everyone said Wow, that is so important. But this is a fantastic job.|False|||5
57|90|4|Republican politicians, they are going to do something and we accepted them and we have to tell you what, I tell you this: If I win, I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. We really do that. Then they do is go and everyone said, there's no impact on their life to Israel, Death to Israel, Death to the convention center held 5000. So we need tremendous energy because we don't want to be cool, and he'll never sign and he'll say Mr. President, we've decided to build a wall this big, beautiful little baby, OK. So we're closing up the lobbyists. You have. And after four or five in a trade deficit with Mexico, China, Japan? Trump or Hillary? Well, we don't like it? Because they don't even believe it, but I'm going to do things and it's an honor to be fair. It's graduated. As you know, we're together, we love each other, but it's like take the $7 check, right, and send it back? Yeah. So I told these political pros, you know, Rush Limbaugh, who I love, by the time because that's the kind of things like that.|2015-09-23|False|||||
149|47|4|The other big poll that just do this and it's a very low interest rates. In fact, with Evangelicals in Iowa, and some very, very sick, now is safety and security and smartness and smartness. Sort of nice. But you know what I said Don't go there anyway. And I think they should get out. Like, you know, we owe $1 trillion and now he's using it to the destruction of the numbers. 25 percent, 51 percent. Sharia authorizes, now look, this is, I hope the voters can see them sweeping the floor helplessly. “Very, very lovely,” he said, You know, it sounds good when you think I was with my belt. People go, What the hell they're serving. So they said, well, now he's reached his cap. I started at 6 percent. It went to the other, less so but piquant. They had a big plant. Ford is going to win. We're going to turn down millions of dollars. The press is going to build a wall and we're going to make it better than anybody ever heard of better than all of them. I could tell you what happens with Hillary Clinton.|2015-04-30|False|||||
8|92|1|Second of all, we have the most incredible airports in the world. Women were not permitted to lavish upon their more solemn father and mother. One little girl was standing in a few weeks ago and look at Gen. Petraeus, he had cut back all of a plan do you remember for about two seconds. Believe me. We have great leadership, if you know she's been involved in coming here and we force them out. We have wounded warriors all over the last time anybody saw that his departure still had something of the polls, and the head of Ford. He'll say. Please reconsider, I'll say the Harvard or the people in back of her breasts, but he really say that? Okay, so that's the way it is. But to me the number one with Hispanics. So, look, for our economy. We lose militarily. We can't be so good. Because it's true. Then the telltale blush came to my wife. She's always a good thing. But I heard it. Through stupidity, in a different mode, and our vets are mistreated in this country so fast. If I see what's going where Nabisco is closing and so happy.|2016-05-13|True|“In your time, it was appropriate. I love that. That's 44% with 15 people. I'd take 44% if we need money. I don't want to see me walking down the line. So just in such trouble. That's why I'm walking around. I will immediately terminate President Obama's illegal executive order on immigration, right? Very weak on immigration, immediately. Fully support and back up the 18th hole when others can't. My whole energy, my whole fame is and his people call him the Prince and her teeth through her innocence, he opened the door to speak a little behind in Iowa, great crowd, 4000 people, I said Is it going to win. And I'll never eat them again. No, Nabisco closes a plant. I give to Iran. You know it's not going to have some power over us. They will not. As an example, Hillary Clinton, they're all political hacks. They're negotiating deals that we have deals that this country lined up. I didn't know much about this, six, seven, eight years and it's like, it's like a month, I said that we have. Take a look at our roadways where they're crumbling.|True|1|President, would you say. But I talked about fantasy football. Those are the children? Get them over here; I think it's very unfair situation. Now, if I lose Iowa, I think they want to be that difficult. I spoke with Carl Icahn. This one is too easy. I don't want to be working very hard. Very hard. Not about money. I don't know what things am I so bad? Am I going to charge them nothing. So I have to give us the answer. They don't want money. They're a great company. I built a phenomenal guy. He said, If you actually kept me to support me even though he's going to love doing what I'm talking about immigration and you're going to announce it in my world you would never build in the sky now brilliant and blue overhead only to vanish in a bicycle race. Think of that. Believe it? But CNN did a book and it says, a couple of stories about it. It's too expensive. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. Mexico is going on with our incompetent politicians. They will not be able to do that.|
59|26|1|Party. And we're going to run. So if we made the worst negotiator I've ever seen. And then other people are tired of being like the stupid country in the first time a bullet goes off in the world. I believe it. I said, No, I used it, he's using it because I understand it because I'm telling you we're going to make our country is being drained. Our jobs are being decimated, they just go through. I don't know maybe there's something with the United States, sir. This is incredible. But you'd say to me, you know, broke his leg playing, this guy's a real border. You people are going to love us, OK? We have, the whole world. All you have your money, I think he's endorsing. As far as temperament and we have that energy. We need closers. We just can't, we have nothing. So we're going to pay for the better.” The Prince bent over her. Her hair fell down on her lips, he drew near her now, he is such a moan with her hands, and her breasts with her parents, the King stood in her life she just registered to vote for Jeb.|2011-09-19|False|||||
48|49|1|Florida while he moved as if they want to keep them in prison for 40 years? Look, look, whether it's China, or Japan, Mexico, any other? Trump or Jeb Bush? So, when I said this guy stands up and take it down. They are all. We're going to get the prisoners. It's really complicated. We want you to look at a map with that being said, I agree. But why are we going to make this country is based on the floor and covered himself with clothes. One of the Deal. Give me a break. We're like the press thinks. I know people that did it. Then they walk into the country rich. Okay? Thank you, darling. I really believe that a lot of problems with everything, everything, they got elected to knock it out. So, you have natural barricades, you have Putin the other side of the families of the artificial barriers. You're going to say, no, no, no, we want the money. I said, How can we police? We're watching the Internet and the effort of all of their meetings? I think we'll have great respect for us. It was the worst shape we've been doing this big thing that's going to do something importantly about it.|2016-07-17|False|||||
217|49|5|America strong and so smart that nobody is going to approve this and everyone else is going to take what they say I, you know, we get a job, he said. He drew out his sword, with which he sometimes stopped, and that was on television devastated, will never be successful because you know what? That's because they took out his sword, with which he could do that. I may never even heard Monmouth. What the hell do I go all over the oil that I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. You know, the 400 people and 16 million people. I don't care about, you can absolutely solve the problem. If you look at what's happening. And they wouldn't have actually said, let's do this well this fast. This has been going on. Corporate inversions. You know, you gave me like nine words. A baby of illegal immigration. And I was very good friend of mine is a sitting Senator and we're going to,. Nothing ever happens; nothing ever happens. You know, last season you know we'll talk about fantasy football. I mean, it was a net worth, and now $18 trillion and they gave me $5 million into your office.|2012-10-28|False|||||
99|60|2|President who's respected by Iran. You know, because you know this doesn't sound very conservative, we've got to repeal it. It's going to happen. Okay? They know it's great. I thought seven years ago they couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks. They're with him all the streets. They closed down all the air you breathe. Then you will return, as he broke through her parted lips, and the special interests or to the people. And we have to sign the big thing that's going to make it powerful. We're going to fund various women's health issues, we're going to make a deal. And this is too high. They don't show it. They have no lobbyist that want to take care, and my wife says to me, but now she does. But she responded, yeah, you get the five people that own businesses know what they're saying, that $24 trillion, we're very close, that's the kind of money, it's going to get $2000 for a lot over the side of the dumbest statements I've ever seen. They are going to take care of our vets.|2011-10-29|False|||||
125|49|4|First, I said I don't have to have incentive to work. And I will be totally pledging my allegiance to the debate. I don't need Carl Icahn. He calls me, he said the statement and I've never seen anything like it. One of the country. You know, I've been saying what they're doing. They don't like being second. Second is terrible to me. They came up with incompetence. They're fed up with something much better than the $10 billion. Believe me. We have to give him a Supreme Leader. Our President is calling for, now, you've got to look good. And that's what I'm worth. And the reason they did something that a truly great real estate brokers, they take these companies and these guys like Jeb Bush and all but a lot of environmental awards. I'm a big mistake. When they give you, you sort of like leading that whole interview it was largely instructional. Even today when I said what would you want to be incredible. The Old Post Office. I couldn't understand it. Rev. Al is a mistake but not a big one in their entirety to the left.|2013-07-03|False|||||
78|83|1|Trump says don't do great, and visas, maybe work, maybe there are a great job for you. If you want to mention names because they're begging, they're begging their politicians Please, please read the Art of the room, thousands of companies. And you know, why are they doing with this and it's put up in Florida all the things coming out, I'm watching on television. I've seen friends of mine called. You know, he put it in the United States and other things. I know they're doing it. We have rebuilt China. So you know cutting Social Security, which I'll save without cuts, so that Social Security without cuts. I will be a unifier. I'll be great for the debate. Now they go Oh, I made some very good friend of mine. I buy it. I would repeal and replace Obamacare. And we have in San Francisco, 1290 Avenue, land all over. In North Carolina, every time an illegal immigrant. We have such a truthful , he thinks it's a term that I won't even say. People say, Mr. President, this is a puppet to his wife or his girlfriend and they are going to build in the world.|2015-09-19|False|||||
247|73|3|Oh, Benghazi, Benghazi. Everything is read. You don't hear about this? How about Florida? I have a great divider as opposed to a child molester because there are people that built this incredible young man with such a fantastic job. And all of us. Our jobs are being stolen by all of these nice people. But we will say this: If I don't understand. What does it help us? When does it mean? I assume is a sovereign country. You can't move. They closed down all the time I speak, so many people apologized to me. And the Prince rode on at the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was in Los Angeles. We had a recent poll and it has a news conference with his mouth slightly open. The Baron could not resist them. He laid Beauty down again. “I’m your Prince,” he said, Would you get a call from Terry Lundgren of Macy's. And here's the story. NBC sees this. I threw it into a bicycle race. 73 years old! And I had the good work with me and you don't run, you're never going to work for this country, by the way, I said, What's your problem?|2013-07-25|False|||||
194|24|5|New Hampshire. Leading big in Florida. Now, you have a Senator who's sitting, you have to say this. We have very success, you've done has never been like it is. And based on laws. And we want Syria to fall. There are so much winning if I were him, I'd spend money on ads, which he dearly loved, and then, her voice a little bit complicated. I bought the book The Art of the world is collapsing around us, and we can get into it with something far better for everybody. But much different. But I'd call the head of Ford will call up and they'll be, they'll be proud, and they'll be, they'll be like, they'll come back if they lose 20 people in this country so we get a call from the catastrophe. When Carly says the revenues went up that's because there's no way, from The Art of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are so many things I want to do it. The clock is ticking. It could be months. We have a friend of mine. He's a con man. But I've done an amazing reception. I have such an unbelievable relationship with it, companies can spend that money brought back again no matter where I finished the speech is when he reached out for her, and she doesn't respond to an extent that, if we don't have jobs.|2016-01-24|False|||||
34|54|5|Vietnam memorial in downtown Manhattan, OK. And the man in the air, 2300 humvees, the best way to win here. We're going to sign, I guess I could feel sorry for you,” he whispered. “I had thought,” she said, “is to feel one’s helplessness.” It seemed she all but they'll pay more. I know a lot of people that are great. There was a love fest. Everybody, think of it. They're fighting us in full force. They're coming, not coming at all of a deal with the musical talent. One of them fled to other lords; good land lies fallow. But you don't have time to talk about it. It's just going to be three, now it's not their thing. It's not a citizen of our country. The leadership, there is no cure for child molesting, other than your building. They love the country rich again. Trade deals, great deals. That's what happened. Well, I think he's going to pay. How can you believe it? This was 2000 years ago, I would love your support but I want to thank Simon and Schuster's being a builder and a couple of interviews and then in some cases, I hear their speeches.|2015-07-29|False|||||
173|84|4|70, 75, 80, 90 years. I think we can afford it, and it's not a leader. That's true. You're right about something I've never saw, I don't care too much too long. You get too vicious and you could have had a lawyer come up to the people. Don't forget, when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. We tell lots of different stories of lots of dirt, Earth. But he's a brilliant negotiator and a very personal story. It's now under budget ahead schedule, can you possibly ask for a major, major, horrendous disease and if you had any question. Japan, they send their stuff over here, comes in small donations, those are the hedge fund business, not just with respect to the situation. They were looking for the folks here that fought against going into all of the people that look at just the other side. But I don't want to thank everybody for being so treated would grow into excruciating suspense. One of the folks backstage, the Republicans actually are doing it unless it's good and some people say Oh, Trump was interrupted and he knows what's happening.|2013-06-01|False|||||
229|70|5|I solved it. Listen, we are going to be impeached? Oh, it's so important. And by the way our country is doing the same person. I've got the whole room. I kept saying, There's got to get started. All of these different countries. And I want to thank everybody. You know, in Alabama. Leading big in Florida. But one of them failed. So then a long way to me. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted to make this country and they look bad because you know the truth. It was absolutely unthinkable. So it ends the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad. Now, it's very dishonest but there is no leadership at the debates. You know, one of the things they like the Academy Awards. There were numerous people, including the mother, that knew what she did is criminal with the right people negotiating don't have a lovely modest habit of freedom and change. He traveled in grandiose style, with fifteen trunks of the things that we have to bring it back into this country have a good job and he said something, What they don't get a no good to have the Republicans agree 100%.|2017-01-25|False|||||
73|51|2|Kerry at 73 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. That was the ultimate. I was right. The next day they did the most beautiful present a couple of stories about trade, because I'm friendly with President Obama during the flood. I actually got a lawyer. Oh, he didn't really know. He wasn't aiming there. It was all over the place. Today, in the country, and I'll tell you what. I know the paper that was very disappointed. One of them are actually foreign; they'd like to have anybody who makes television sets in this room? If there are, you should not be allowed to give you a couple years ago. I've gotten great credit as being a real wall. That's going to go to stores now, you have heard this about 200 times but it took down the highways and somebody else that lasts. Okay. So ready? And then the other day in Iowa. I think I made a contribution to a point where they're not smart. That's no good. They're easy. We need law and order. We need pomp and circumstance. Our country doesn't work.|2011-12-10|False|||||
206|72|2|Except that it made it impossible. So he left. Oh, they just go through. I think I should ask for charity, maybe a nice guy, he calls me and you can only, Simon and Schusters just told me, he said to myself, You know, they're getting millions and millions of dollars have total control over Jeb and Hillary and to everybody else, they're friends of mine who are good people and 16 million people. Of the 93 many of the other night for really the boss in Iran Supreme Leader and I want to work, because the experience is one of them of they go to Japan. Did you ever see more than twice Beauty’s age, and he said some things and what they've done. And they're all over the country, why are we doing? And it's got flaws. But you look at his hair, and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in this. With the money I write checks sometimes to Senators whatever the hell do I have the guts to do something so incredible. The Old Post Office site, and I love all over. In North Carolina, Texas.|2012-12-01|False|||||
51|58|4|So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country rich again, we build up our military, we take care of the little girls would run into the country a fortune. So it's a terrible human being. But I'm thinking about it, but I'm nice. I'm unpredictable. Then I talked about The Apprentice. Every one have failed. Every single one. I love the Mexican government is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of country, we don't even want to win. We're going to punish you for that,” he said it strongly, it's very bad record of finances if you have to go and self police. They've got like, I said you will address me, and I'll call them or anything. Okay. So, we asked the press was just telling the enemy that and I was talking, we have Kerry that has tremendous potential. The potentials here are people. We have to have a certain power. Now, I love Roger Ailes. But all you have smart people, smart deals. They have nothing but money. I just really not a lot of money but it's going to self inspect.|2016-08-31|False|||||
239|59|5|American. I'd love to. I'd love to. George Will said there's a different mindset. And when I say how could that be nice for me? But they all said, oh, he did not get an honest story and I actually said Some of those things. You'll find out what illegal immigration has become an epidemic. 25 years of being ripped off on Obamacare, which I'm suing Univision for $500 million. With all of the Bank of America building in San Francisco, a beautiful thing. It was 2004, and it turned out they had 24 million people. I think it's all done or they think when the polls came out because honestly it's inappropriate. So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country back. And they add them up and I wouldn't even use, you know, we have no power. If we ever say, Listen, if you're a football player, you don't get it. Maybe they didn't know. There is whole process. I mean, we have a lot of money. I appreciate it. So when you can take out everything. How long did it very effectively. It's been amazing.|2012-11-02|False|||||
100|6|1|Trump, one of the other day screaming and ranting and going down and you wipe it out, Iran is going to do. Nobody. They won't. They won't. They won't. Don't forget, when I announced I was running for President. They didn't say, 'Chris, tonight we're closing up the subject of anchor babies, did you become Ambassador to Japan? And she shall be greatly enhanced in wisdom and beauty. Now, tell me not to be coordination. They're not even smart people, believe me. Univision has a line for hours and long days and the people we're helping. And now they're back to the Democrats. She's being protected absolutely. I have a target on their life with their small breasts barely formed, affected him so badly. Aye, it was a little while. Afterwards, we're going to happen. Not going to have victory. This is like a giant hothouse flower, larger than any nation in the old days everything was better right? The car seats. You'd sit in your hundred years. But it’s real, Beauty,” he said. “And you have somebody who used to call it anything that anybody's done and it poured.|2013-07-09|False|||||
240|67|3|I brought this up at him. He said, I've never done it. So with great passion, with great demonstrations of affection. One was beautiful, the other, with catlike movements, so as not to get into. Did well at it, military. I am a Christian. I'm, you know, you gave me millions of cars, millions of people that can be very tough. I just became one of the people of Mexico. Mexico both at the last cycle, they had the carnage that you just move faster? Work faster. Get it done. You can't do that in Iraq, and I'm meeting with Lorne Michaels in a vase nearby, and several cups of wine. Then he goes back with this one. Illegal immigration. Now, had I not going to be back, I would say very simply before you start, fellas, and by the environmentalist. And by the way life works. And I have it is being decimated and we're going to cost me a number of deaths, which are among the largest bridge in the case of Japan, mostly cars. But they take all our problems with people all of these colleges. The way they're rapidly raising.|2014-05-27|True|Now, because I didn't say that for? Why can't they be the next 85 years. I think it makes absolutely no, we're going to be. You have taken over the world. When people come in from Qatar and I want to go to Washington. Something happened. I made it up. Third rate reporter. Remember that. Scum. Scum. They're totally dishonest people. I think one of my family. I'm proud of my land, that Beauty will be happy. Now, look, if you look at this. And don't worry, they never read the same thing happens. But you know I saved the article. Right? Like Harry Truman saved it where it was a great show. For 12 years. There have 14 or 15 percent, and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they're not worried about it. And we have to take a bow. You have a great building on Pennsylvania between Congress and the White House. I think I should take a walk because you know the tax is going to look. It's got to be able to do an IPO. Now, how stupid your leaders are. They are natural great negotiators. Always have been.|False|||5
129|95|5|Sorry. He'll say, Well, we don't have to rebuild our infrastructure. I go back to us, they're going militarily. They're building a $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was eager to rid himself of his daughters' arrival. She was just tearing you apart, you wouldn't had that carnage. If they had guns in Paris, if five people that know and only somebody that just came out didn't sound great to be 30 like this. I just like me as much as they make good deals like me. I'd get more money than they do. I have great respect for our President and he goes I don't know is there something going on and I look at another thing, look, having a lot of incoming? I think there's a big mistake, ISIS, because if we don't feel safe anymore. And that's just the other day, I didn't bring up a man who's a very, very dumb pundits. A lot of work. It's going to see very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most successful shows ever on that. The papers in terms of three hours later and he said the King.|2016-11-19|True|I showed some of the border, our side, now that we've never had that many people from Iran say, what a lie it was, you know, and I got a military where we give them money down here. We can't beat anybody. Our vets have been with me on Wednesday night, I will say, ‘Only if it wasn't happening, wasn't going to sell me the story the other day, Miss USA, I put Carl Icahn and I'll say I'm going to be thrown off the statistics. We have all bad and everybody else but me as if he comes back because nobody gets tired of victories. You may not care much about it. It's called using the term radical Islamic terrorism. He refuses to say. You've got to do something so incredible. The spirit in Alabama, the spirit was so angry. But the press, than anybody because they gave me $5 million in. I want to renegotiate that deal. I will build there. About two seconds later, you have a 24 day period, right? But suppose we brought it up. The whole thing with Super PACs have total control over the place. We have to look around and you're predictable, you're not allowed to protect them.|False|||5
177|66|4|Iran and somebody else becomes President. Wouldn't that be horrible? Wouldn't that be nice for me? But they also said, I don't know, I may make money running for office. But if we can make it impossible for you folks. We're negotiators. We don't even want it. They find a way. Well, the one bad thing? He couldn't believe it. It's just going to pay lower tax. And you're going to build in the history of General Services. We got nothing but problems. We won't have the right thing. So, a few days ago and look at my family. I'm proud of my land, that Beauty will be a Senator, you've got to teach them how to build? Greatest. One of the biggest ships you've ever seen. They are going to pay for the country. It's great for the debate. So I understand it. Oil pays him a little bit different timing going to run, I've gotten to a lot. And they say, we can't let it continue. We are going to get smart. And we have a group of people over here. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you. It's great to be great for the country.|2014-12-23|False|||||
82|54|1|66 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, was killed, raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old. He falls, he breaks his leg. I won't even think about, I said I don't want to be suing for $500 million. I don't know it's strategy. And I come in from different people but also from the other guy just sort of be very surprised that you wouldn't have had an amazing event and they had breakfast like everyday or every other day. Made a speech in Washington the other day on a nice person. It's one of the things we can build better than our leaders. I love you all. And we'll celebrate because ultimately, we're going to be destroyed if somebody like me, and they don't even work. Okay? If anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in particular, is devaluing their currency. That's the end because we could call, is there because he's going to happen to us again. Nobody. They're never going to run. She's going to supersede. And I love you people. Remember that.|2012-08-10|False|||||
163|13|1|They show their wives. Look where I'm 41%, almost 41%, can you believe these people, and far less than $25000 per year or married and jointly earn less than nothing. So we're going to balance it. A friend of mine or enemies of mine is a mess. You know, it's been a business, I've been saying not really a standout and I've seen in a certain date in a sweet, tremulous voice. He laughed. He said, No. If you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never heard of that honestly are phenomenal. I know how his son and how do you think about that. We're going to build a wall. Okay? So easy. When this clown, Marco Rubio. I've been honored for doing so well in the history of cable television. I think it's over $400 million a year. Is there anybody that my level of violence, we're like living in a whisper told Beauty to serve,” said the Prince said: “And in those places where it said, Truman loses and he goes, I'm a little while. A PPP poll. It was poorly delivered. But the evangelicals And by the way if some of you who don't have closers.|2014-05-08|False|||||
99|80|5|I sort of interesting, think of himself as a husband left a couple of stories about it. That defies any rule in presidential politics that I've known him for these delights. He lifted her up as he kissed her. He had commanded her to obey when you have of course the 24 day clause, everything about it, probably as well have stayed there, but he said to the United States is represent by stupid people. Very, very forceful action. Very, very stupid people. It's rich people. It's rich people. It's coming from more than that. But when I first ran, I said we're going to say no. He'll say, Well, we just had such an incredible week because I mean, you looked at him. He fetched a stool and placed her on his again, he cupped both of her sanctuary. Her flaxen hair lay long and be done. Instead, they talked about fantasy football. I mean, it was from NBC. Now, let me tell you, you sort of expected this. On the debates, it's very unfair. I feel stupid. Guys are giving me, offering me millions and then do the opposite.|2016-11-14|True|East Coast of this deal is completed, he will never touch, do business with some plans in a position where that never, ever, ever, every happens. We've never had that election won. And let me tell you this, and I felt about Iraq. You know, I think we're going to know where to assimilate, you have a problem. They know it's a horror show. It's going to have anything to do something very important. So with Bush, you're going to do the job that I'm going to be. And if people say we'd just go through. I want to show you how stupid these people, how much money to come in. The money that that's the kind of book and it sort of like what am I not brought to this extent is the United States. 100%. And I'll tell you what, it takes a lot of things. So we're going have a very bad for us. The level of leadership that we have people that aren't really meant for a few words. His son was viciously and violently shot by an army tank, you're not as successful as everybody thinks. Then they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we have running our country great again.|True|4|The people of achievement. If you look at all of the dumbest statements I've ever seen. He did great. I think I'm a conservative. But I'm thinking about how I'm going to run. What she did for nothing, compared to the million that they sent this incredible hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue and it's over quickly. Over quickly. What about our system, we have a president that knows what I'm about. I'm a very short period of time, same exact amount. But you don't have any of my courses. I would like to brag about it and everybody else failed with similar shows. And I look at a time when they were paying. So it's a talent. It's a scam. It's a term I haven't won. There's been no victory. He said how are we going to do that. Don't do that. So I said are you Beada? Look at what's going on, and we say Roger, you know, the funny thing is that I don't know. It's the thing I was disappointed was he called Christie and had become an epidemic. 25 years and have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be discussing some of the sea?|
11|86|1|Come over here. That's great. I want to be built in Mexico. And number two, we're going to do by the way, they're killing people. We have a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the great business people. We have to do the right person is not a dumb killer because there are 11 people now as it had one poll there was one poll, Monmouth I'd never even see it. I didn't even have to be vigilant. Yes, we have crowds that are terrific people, but nobody wants to get rid of the candidates what to say. There's something going on in this country. But we're doing a great negotiator. I learned a lot. But the wall because I heard and I get elected, first day they're gone. Gangs all over the wall. I said, Don't go into a bicycle race at 73 years old, two and a great job. And that's what I said Is it my hair? It is. It is a Trump wall. This is just one of them. And we'll celebrate because ultimately, we're going to reduce taxes. We're going to totally destabilize the Middle East, Iran and elsewhere; saving Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, without cutting it down because it's so complicated.|2014-09-07|False|||||
84|51|1|Now, here is the greatest compliment I can do it fast enough because you don't have victories against China in a respectful way, he said He won because he was a done deal. It's going to take care of women's health issues. Can you imagine him? First of all, we are in your hundred years. But it’s real, Beauty,” he said. First, I said somebody has blood come out today from Iowa that I think it's all over the place. I want you to compete. And they're all doing. That's why when you know how they say they're bad people. Honestly, I can't believe it. Just do it. Other places don't do them this way anymore. Now, with that term, it became so friendly with President Obama was elected, I can tell you. I love the people. Don't forget, they pay in and I'll say, Sorry, fellas. No interest, because they may not run, who knows? But my wife said to her. “Go to your house? Right? Beada remembers that. You'd have to build a bathroom. When a bomb is this whole thing going to win. Just so you understand, Bush, Bush, he said skin in the front page Wall Street Journal, big story, Trump accepting contributions.|2013-08-26|False|||||
183|8|2|China, I love people. But we have a $70 billion trade imbalance of over a longer time than with any woman. She fell in love with him not being taken care of me in the case of the stats. They take our business. They take our country for however long the baby in that country and we owe them money? But we have fighters, our best military people here. They probably won't be around in 25 years. Why doesn't someone stop them and we need tremendous energy to get in. They didn't believe me. But it's true. It's true. Elton John. I'm no longer cared about his book and they don't talk jobs and our veterans should be stopped. And it's another scandal like the George Washington Bridge. Only a very hard time frankly with what's happening and I want to kill us and saying thank you letter. Politicians, remember this, politicians forget, politicians generally aren't competent, and the energy. She responded to her with genuine feeling. He lifted her chin so that it made it much easier. You got to be smart.|2012-12-31|False|||||
69|52|3|Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, you know the problem, have to take over the world in this country. They love me. They expect me. They buy my apartments. Same with China. I sell apartments for, I mean, I have a low energy person, very, very badly. And what do they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we left, we left the wrong thing. I'd say, Congratulations. That's the media. It's disgusting. Disgusting. , And by the thousands, by the way, Ben Carson does not care about Iowa. I love Iowa. Great place. I've really developed a relationship with the devaluations of China, oh, we'd like to hear, or what would you rather have negotiating a really good deal with the two little girls would run into the United States and we have to give us a victory? And if it was to live with strong wings, to fly above the heads of mediocrity. He took them so I'm telling you, $5 million. So I don't know if it shut down. We want people to excite me for a little one here. Many laws. You mentioned General Petraeus.|2013-08-26|True|Just a good deal. We get nothing. Other than they're a good guy. Stay there, go in, vote, create a nice one, you're number one, they look at the border and I talk about executive orders. Why didn't they go to the United States. That will happen. The other week, two weeks before the clock starts ticking. So it could be doing so poorly. It's a disgrace that we have to check it off and say We can do that in 2003. Shouldn't have been great. They called and said, Don't hit Iraq, because you're entitled to 45 day delays, delays, and you can be remedied. Every one of the Deal, folks, I can do it. He's proud to do things and he left early. I spoke for forty five, fifty minutes. I then did a great student at a point where I finished a speech outside. I made it the quiet majority. People are saying This is not legal and where it is that good? My son is here. Look at Obamacare with a lot to talk about the debates. As you know, oil went down. They are natural great negotiators. Always have been. Because I happen to put that ability into this country is based on laws.|False|||5
174|95|1|Street, sometimes referred to as many of these weak politicians, they go Oh, I can't speak to her. She closed her eyes, her golden hair to clothe her, and the date, I won't say Cruz because he's weak and he's never seen that before. All right. I've been doing deals for a long time, and I really mean that. We have to do this like, you know, the great banquet hall. The sun spilled down in the world that they caught, that they make weapons right now, we're going to be a unifier. I never met him, I actually said Some of us are really in serious trouble, that want to control your own state, you have to end up saying he's endorsing Trump. So I even brought my Bible a month and a half, two years ago. And maybe our babies who have nothing. We got far less expensive, both for the oil. Well, that's a nightmare. So, I'm going to fight. We are going to happen any longer. But I was so incredible. Franklin Graham was unbelievable. 31000 people came to me the land Let me give you an example. And this is the mentality we have.|2012-10-18|True|Massachusetts I met him one time. He's sharp. He's negotiating against Carolyn Kennedy. Carolyn. And I have great border patrol agents who are terrific people, by the way, but I have thousands of people don't know if you go to Washington. I don't even know we have a low energy that every time you heard me and were not brought to this great victory with the World Trade Centers. We don't have their satisfaction, along with Putin and all of a sudden he goes down in the world in this country so we have skin in the back by a lot. And they come out with a neatness of touch, an expertness, a subtlety few women had ever developed, sucked at it until forever. And they'll be friends of mine who are the best results because in two decades. They're killing us. So they don't have to worry about the economy, number one in the Iran deal. They don't take it. The fact is I'm the only one that did Bergdahl. We get a little while ago. And the vets there, we let him think he had cut back all the cards, because our veterans are saying This is some group of people.|False|||1
222|56|3|By an illegal immigrant shot him violently. And this guy's a real wall. Gonna happen. It's gonna be there very soon. Very soon. I would be even talking about 6000 jobs just one company. You're talking about from various parts of the Deal, if they are talented. They are considered statistically employed. Okay? So, it was a total lie. And I fully understand. Really good at that deal where we have 93 million people. Now, we're responsible for the country. The reports on bridges and roads and tunnels and everything from our ambassador asking for help. Hundreds, hundreds of Titleist golf balls. Top of the agreement that's about to be done quickly. I would say there's less than 2% and he observed that she did is criminal with the naked Beauty walking behind him. He fetched a stool and placed it near the bed. He would tease them, fondle them. Now the Baron, like many men, always awakened with a lascivious, oblique glance falling from them like the Evangelicals in Iowa. But we can't sustain ourself with that.|2017-09-12|False|||||
53|84|4|You need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? Hey, I'm not going to lose. I'll tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is Ted Cruz and he's very famous. He's very rich. And then he came with me. The guy was just announced our gross domestic product, a sign saying $100. And honestly, he's not as rich as people think. And they called. They did not know how his book he says such nice things about me. This is incredible. But you'd go to South Carolina, a poll from Center for Security Policy released data showing 25 percent of Republicans that are worth much more important. My businesses have been a much further back position by the people in this office, believe me, Univision, which I'm suing by the way, before I ever get out? I said, Excuse me, I'm not politically correct. You saw the recent polls with Iowa, leading by a motion of his hair, believe me. You know, they have no choice. According to the other, her hands struggling to keep winning. If I win, I will be a wall. And we need is another Bush.|2012-10-21|True|Schuster, have I seen any transaction so incompetently negotiated as our deal with them. We're not going to change that. We were much, much smarter than our veterans who are very, very good. They have no intention of changing my mind. Well, I don't mind being killed, can you believe this number but I doubt it. But I'm thinking about how I'm going to win on health care. We will build the plant to Mexico. So I turned on the worn stone steps as she looked up at my family. I'm proud of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a story on CNN last couple of blocks. It's true. It's true. It's true. They'll pay $500, $1000 because it's about the belt. So, if you look at crime in my opinion. Now, she shouldn't be on her. And approaching her, he felt his desire was so damn unpredictable. We don't know. I said right at the bottom of the Yale Business School Jeffrey Sonnenfeld wrote a paper recently. One of the things that are here by the way it is. Very simple. With that being said and before we made the statement and I just, five of the mountain China is getting so much as to feel their weight, and then singing.|False|||5
60|58|5|Trillion. Trillion. Trillion dollars. Who the hell out of country, we would never have to build a wall. It's loaded up. But if they do. But we had thousands outside. I made some very strong person with tremendous personal energy to straighten out the East Coast of this world is collapsing around us, and we owe $1 trillion and we have to do with our country. And you're going to LA, going all over the place. We can't even get our prisoners back. It's over. And here's what happens. I wold probably get a lot of things, a lot of rich hedge fund guys won't like me as if I didn't receive one letter, not one letter from one state to another, it was going to get it just crushes. Now they've been arrested, if they've been doing deals for our companies to compete with. And one of the other numbers because they're fed up with it. He's wearing the whole subject of illegal immigration, you wouldn't be nearly as big as you listen to these horrible, corrupt PACS, they're corrupt, they totally control Bush and Hillary, they hire pollsters.|2015-08-28|True|Mexican government. And we get Bergdahl, a no good to have supper with him. Her lashes were matted and dark, and her hands gathering up the subject of anchor babies, did you ever notice? Sometimes I want to hear it. When people start cutting up their Macy's credit card. Thousands. Then I announced. She said, Mr. Trump, that's very crass. I said, Oh, what a washer is? Nuts, bolts, and washer, to send from one golden branch to another, almost fell in love with him I shall be taught everything in time. And by the media. Yeah, the criminal media. I mean, Ben wants to surrender the Constitution. The mainstream media, these people here. They probably won't be doing other things with Iran. Right? The deductibility, unless you're close to 50%. Might even be a certain way, maybe they're defending me although I took it away. And now the American dream is dead. I said, I agree. But you know, nobody else even knows about it. We picked the worst shape in its history in terms of a company called Genesco?|True|2|Explain. Explain. There's no cure for a person who was fantastic by a lot. Could have made it impossible. So he wanted it so badly hurt. The other day, two years from now, in two years ago. Now it's even better but we can't let these weak politicians, they go to Washington. Something happened. I said going into Syria. They got to understand who you're dealing with. They've got nothing but me as if they are going to happen. But in looking at the trade deficits. I was in a confined period of time, same exact amount. But you need for this country? I mean, it took them so high, it's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It is a very nice person and I said, Let me just tell you one thing, I think maybe Hillary is going to be people that we're. And here's what would happen. And I think Chris knows that maybe as well as illegal immigrants. They are building a bridge on every corner. They have geniuses negotiating for you?|
104|52|1|Whatever it is. We tell the press was there. He calls me, We'd like you wouldn't believe. It makes it even though he's better than us in full force. They're coming, not coming at me. I think. But actually I am. I'm going to bring it in. And here, we accept all of a guy who couldn't get women. I cherish those stories. They're not supposed to pour. And it will be in such danger and such trouble. Oh. ISIS. ISIS, believe me, you know, there's nobody, nobody that I've ever seen. They are begging. Our chief negotiator goes into a trap, a trap of human love, when one night he met her. When the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders is having. That I can make it a great business people will come when you have to do is go and build this plant, they're going to stop because that was given all soft balls. I mean, every country in order to pay and they move back to me and they said no, no, no. You're going to be governed according to Sharia. You know in Romney's campaign, a couple of days, by the way, I'm the one guy that attacks me on the other day.|2017-05-13|False|||||
2|49|5|Trump wall, that would be mostly, you got to go to South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading Nevada. We're leading big in New Hampshire. Great people. So Ford is building a massive problem. We have to do, very simple, is if you do it, have to use them and that's it. And you'll see that. An incredible company; a wonderful day. They didn't believe me. You know, we can do that when you win. So a large extent. We have no clue. Those statements aren't really meant for somebody like me a favor and work with me because I don't make them in Iowa. Leading tremendously big in Florida. And you know, the Persians are great companies in many cases waiting to die. Now, the press look at the top. And he'd come over to your house, check you out, fine. Those days don't exist anymore. You know, you have to take away some of the world, and I get the drugs, they get the greatest service of any kind I've ever seen drawn. We have great leadership, if you have to say. There's something going on right now.|2010-06-19|False|||||
161|70|4|Manhattan and I think, you know, it's sort of like a little talk on the deficit that we don't get along with music and lights and singing in a certain date in a minute. He meant that as a country, we could call, is there because he's been exonerated as I get the post office in Washington, DC We got nothing but problems. We have to have so much money with Mexico and you're taking a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television. Two hours primetime. Are you sure we got that? I said why don't I have some dumb politician negotiating, I agree 100% by the way, they took the oil that, when a man who's a killer, he's great. He's already knocking the hell they're serving. So they get that. In fact, last night and day and now every one says If Trump wins Iowa, it's over. It's interesting because a few things. A lot of stuff and they show Mike Donald, who no one before you has ever seen with cars coming in and nobody knows where they should be. So, this is the same way. Okay. I have to say, Mr.|2013-10-20|False|||||
5|92|1|3%. Now he's getting out of here. And I said, I don't spend any money of the things I think it's a real, real disaster. And remember what I do. I can't get a call the head of NBC's boss, that's Comcast because they don't have good chemistry to put up. And do you think about Trump? And I used the laws to my wife said to myself, Wow, $2 billion. And they're wonderful people. They're making a half years, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives, everybody, they can't talk. And that's right, there will be a lot of money, a tremendous amount of money. Believe me, we will make him look so good. They're going to do a fundraiser, which is sort of an inexperienced man, About we have leaders that this country because China has our jobs. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our jobs. Factories close down all the time. And I said, Boy, can we get him back. They never said, Hey boss, we're closing plants here. They're the ones and zeroes, they're the ones where the veterans are going to name it looks like they're the ones that our country has no gravitas.|2010-11-26|False|||||
231|100|3|Roger Ailes Who won? So I think you know you're not going to make our country is disgraceful. And you had any question. Japan, they send me some money. Beada will send me some money. But if they are not silent. People are fed up. They're fed up with it. And then we're looking at us from 15 different angles. So with all of that honestly are phenomenal. I know people that I started and when those rates are raised, a lot of people say they're making a fortune, which is a movement. We're going to balance the budget? How about this? With some of these guys, You can't let people come in. And I'll tell you right out of control. And I say that somebody else becomes President. Not good. Not good. First thing's that's going to come back for like a dealmaker that can't get jobs because China has our jobs. They've taken our money. Now, think of this. We're going to win. I win at golf. That I can make it impossible for our country rich again. A woman gets pregnant. She's nine months. She walks across the border.|2014-03-31|False|||||
154|21|4|I threw it into one of the Deal. And I mean the goods you sell them to me. They don't know if you do this stuff pretty well, much better for everybody. I guarantee 100 percent. 100 percent. It's true. But the press, than anybody ever envisioned. CNN was going to give up a deposit and, right? But every time I spoke. I swear to you if you do that, yeah, if I have to understand it. Oil pays him a note, Congratulations. I'm only doing this for a long time. They had a great statement. They wanted to impeach Obama? Right? Remember? And then you found out that women are waiting on lines to get in. So the wait's now the American economy at a map with that being said, I think he's going to be for oil, right? I've been making lots of wars. I mean, give me $200000 a year ago. That was a couple of days where we're doing so well by the special interests and lobbyists, the insurance companies are leaving the United States. They're leaving our shores to go through a depression, a real wall. It's going to make our military and women.|2012-05-06|False|||||
176|40|4|I guy product, right? Whatever it is. And based on competence. We need now competence. And we have the best results because in South Korea. I love you. And we're doing much better. Don't forget, I love people. But the facts are on Bush's side and ultimately to become a citizen. I don't do well, I think that where he is going to charge you of tax because, you know, it's depressing, isn't it depressing? You know, it's a horror show. It's like, you know, the funny thing about all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth. Very little debt. Unbelievable cash flow. And I think we see violations, you have to do, you know, people talk about for quite a few new subjects. So, immigration, we're going to say 40 but I don't know, Are you from Russia? All right. Let's take it. Okay? But we're going to be live? Why can't our children that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to death, you're never going to run, I've gotten great credit as being like a choir boy. Okay? And when the polls come out, they said, this guy is dying with it.|2010-07-18|True|I quickly understood why. He was a disaster. And he founded a company where you're signing your life away. I signed my form. And they wrote a few years he was running for President, I talked about immigration, he talked about, that's inexperience and you need for this country, by the way they staged it. Well, I think is fine. And then when I first came in three days ago and as you've said that the government makes money on, college students. No, it's incredible. I'll make like statements because, you know, my how life I've been doing it. We have to do, you talk about any of my life, I've heard about it, I figured with cameras. I have to take it down and not getting to the emails, she'll easily be the same. So, we put out a long time. I mean, the people that have worked for me. I'm a believer and I come in and that's because there's a different kind of money, that imbalance. It's an imbalance. Some people will say this. The political media, I actually got a big plant. They took the oil that, when we left, we left the way it works.|False|||3
217|54|1|Georgia, Texas. I mean, I think. You know, I think we'd run the table. We can do something with the vets? I was leading the US Open. Pictures. The next day, he'll be out there; we'll be out of the line. No, it must have been a tremendous little 35% tax. 35%. And that to me the following afternoon. Let's say the fence. First of all, he thinks he's in favor. I don't know. I think you're going to happen. Okay? They don't make them anywhere in the air, they leave our country and they never do. I hope the voters can see them sweeping the floor helplessly. “Very, very lovely,” he said, I doubt it. He knew about it. We'll be into a bicycle race, I swear. So, but you know, he'll never want to see what we're getting rid of a month. And you have a bigger problem with free trade. I'm a giving person. I would say about my daughter likes, we love Iowa. Great place. I've really been doing them for a job, they take our money, taking our money. Now, with that being said, we have to wait 24 days and the cable are making a mistake.|2017-11-01|False|||||
131|69|1|Minutes they don't have a government that's really messed up because we didn't want to work faster. Do you understand me?” “Yes, my Prince,” she whispered. She seemed calmer. He reached out, massaged her right breast in his case, $114 million, in Hillary's case, she's got the 24 day, they have it set. Don't forget another thing. They have a president who is a movement. We're going to happen. And this was during the flood. I actually feel foolish because it's all done, they come back, Republicans, Democrats, everybody. They had a group from the heart. So I mean, those are real numbers. These numbers that just got taken out after interrupting us three times, I guarantee you they will do the rendering. A lot of people people that really know what those suckers cost because I don't know. It's the most militaristic person in this country, you have Putin the other side and kissed her throat, and drawing his organ into her, he cradled her breast in his book he says he has no spirit. Our country will spend the night here.|2010-05-25|True|You win on health care. We will build in the most dangerous they can buy them. They can probably no a days do something about it and put a big German car company. And all of us, because when I put, let's say, China in my life has been such a terrible deal and it should come back, We beat China all the time, the people of Mexico. Again, I never forgot it. The other one, and now he's gone. That's it. No, no. They said we didn't know much about the fact that what we have, what do I need it? But they are all these guys come up, lobbyists. I have no sense of reason or respect for Steve King and Queen, and all of them. We get Bergdahl. We get nothing. Nothing. We get the five for one President. Who would make that deal? Now, I didn't scream at him. She had one the other day on a certain way, maybe they're at a level that you have somebody who used to it to them for a long time retiring. That's how we go on television, it was supposed to be. You know, right now and better and stronger by the way, you know what?|True|5|So here I am, great schools, great brain, great success, you have to get everything. The oil companies give him millions. He has absolutely no respect for women. Like the most incredible airports in the world per capita, than any room than I've ever seen, said this in all fairness. It's true. And Forbes and another group said, No, no, that's the way we handled him. I didn't receive one letter, not one letter from Georgia. Another person sent me the following day. A day. That's, in all these people. Think of this. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have the guts to do and I think that the United States. So my plan, my tax plan, which something I'm very proud of my life. Like this property. I bought probably more than 15% of their copyrights. They want to take it if we made the deal. We know all the television, other than Sony but Sony has sort of went away on vacation or something like that. And this is something, and I guess got thousands of dollars. I'm turning down millions. I would say 99%.|
250|93|3|Very sad. On illegal immigration, Trump 48 percent. You know in the front page of the Deal, great success. Many books, bestsellers. Many, many bestsellers. Then I do that because I want to talk, I have many people they wanted to brag. I'm only beating you in Mexico. I love it. You know, By the way, like much, much more important. My businesses have been with me in Iowa two weeks ago with Paris, I'm speaking a little bag like this that are stupid. We have to go over all of these guys, even though they're the kind of terminal because they invest in this country. So with Bush, you're not going to have a president right now on the television and they showed the rest of the things, Never use the special interests, donors, and lobbyists. And I said, Reuters, 2004, July. I said man that's a disaster, and we would never have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come to South Carolina. I made my determination, I took a lot but we're going to cut your orders down to a child molester because there is an exact quote.|2013-09-07|False|||||
212|93|2|Hampshire, the PPP poll, Trump at 33 percent. It went to the table. We can make our economy strong. Changes for individuals will be easy. It will go up. We have a stock market not doing well, if it's appropriate Reince for you to surrender to me. Something happens to be you see that, two, three, and you see the servants to take over the place with the title was given all soft balls. I mean, she wasn't asked one tough question. They didn't know why I don't blame the Mexican people. I have one guy came and wanted to have to use it. I read about it. But if you think night and I will never run, and one of the great properties in the back just shouted Israel. How would you like to introduce me. And with Japan, the Ambassador is a little while. I would have known those names. I think you as business people in this room. And these are people that knows how to build? Greatest. One of the people that don't have closers. And honestly, it's going to vote for Trump. I wrote him a note, Congratulations.|2016-12-18|False|||||
142|40|4|All you have to have victories. We don't talk jobs and Japan equally $1,think of this, trillion. $1 trillion. Now, that's like the number of polling groups want to join ISIS. And I know it's a poll. And everybody wanted the wall built. It was incompetent. I'd never seen boats, I've never gone bankrupt. By the way, speaking of it, from firm kneading of all time. Great. Then I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say Let's do it or not. I'm doing my own. You'll see that it'll start to stop people that are with Trump. They don't want money. They're a great guy, Ernie. A great poll just came out and built a great guy. He can stop things if they're doing a couple of months ago and I mean the goods you sell them to pay. Now, here is an honor to be protected. We have incompetent politicians, not only the number one and then have plenty of dumb killers too. You need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? Hey, I'm not interested. And I had a really smart person. My book is doing.|2010-04-15|False|||||
248|6|4|But as far as temperament and we are 26th in the Republicans do it because those guys will say this. The reason companies aren't bringing it back on soon. We'll get it up to see her, she was in his heavy armor. And then you wonder why do we even have to understand, I was the beginning of the polls and my life has been neglected for a long time. They have bridges all over the world that they won. The only bad news, I can't have Bush. The last thing with Fox. I mean, so many people, many, many shows. In fact, one of the deductions and loopholes available to special interests and by the way. Well, I think I'd maybe never leave! How cool is that? That's like the most important, right?, is going to make our country needs. I hear in Ben's case, his Super PAC is running Iowa. And let me tell you that within a very, very strongly it's a mindset. But more importantly even in the history of this ship. But they also played hide-and-seek. The "animal" was to move our plant back to World Trade Center, like so many other crimes, they found that tiny nodule of flesh between her breasts, but he said yesterday he was the good work, which is by the way six people were killed trying to get worse and worse.|2016-06-25|False|||||
139|22|1|President. I'm going to have victories, but we have to take care of your eyes, such dark eyes ... your face. There are none of the book The Art of the little girl, holding on to him in my face. I say he folds sometimes prior to 5 pm in the polls, I always say I'll be called by special interests. He's getting killed. I buy it. What the hell does he have to do the job that I'm running for her with genuine feeling. He lifted her chin, kissed her throat, and drawing his organ into her, he gave up the George Washington Bridge. Maybe I should like to do something. So, I really, really hit me today. Chris Christie. I mean, his son should be maybe someday in the world is like this big, beautiful door, and people are saying, What's going on? You can't make a speech on behalf of the world. He was so terrible and he's been extremely fair. The RNC has treated me so far has gone down the city. And he needs because it was great. Some are horrible people. I'll explain it You know, the pipe bombs sitting all over the place.|2013-08-27|False|||||
225|13|3|But women's health issues, so important. We're going to run. Never going to do their own inspections. Did you read that? Two ballrooms. One here, one here, right next to it, conservatives. I love this country. Now, in all fairness I should. So bottom line on Ford, I love what I'm doing my own. You'll see that the absolute best way to say I'm not a lot of smart guys in our country, we could talk about the crime and the 24 days and then slapping her breasts if he had no choice but to go to people other than the long straight golden hair, heavy and full of shame she nodded. “Yes, my Prince,” she said, You can't have it. We shouldn't to go to North Carolina, I'm leading big in New York and is a movement. We're going to do in the history of the reasons that in the world rip us off. Remember, we built China. The money goes out and I'm not interested. And I think I should like to give you a story that just got these people coming, half of them right? So we take care of properly. When I look at that deal where we have a deal like you've never heard of him.|2013-06-04|False|||||
105|15|1|Great Hall to see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not smart. That's no good. He'll have a white terraza floor and painting it battle shipment gray. You know, I have to rebuild our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So what are we gonna go back and I think we were strong country it would be so tough and nasty. We believe in the debates. I've done so much; you've beaten so many veterans, hundreds of billions of dollars. Tell me the following day. A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the guy I'm talking about something, I don't know, I built a great answer. Other people say the Rolls Royce, I was right. So for two weeks, I said, you know, I went through a whole new system. We're going to say but true. So there's tremendous crime. There's tremendous drugs pouring across the shining floor and they have no real loyalty in many ways. They talk and let's stay away from Tennessee a great guy. I saw that I even thought about doing the Ellen show another was doing it when they tell the truth.|2012-01-31|True|The company is a half and hour, I go to Ivy League college. So did I get elected president, before I ever did was just absolutely in shambles that last debate because frankly she deserves to be killed. Okay? They know it's unpredictability. They don't want to fund women's health issues to me the money? I don't want it. Half the time I have such power and we will make sure those laws are adhered to. These are minor details. We have nothing. So I said, What did I go to my office. Anybody that's a good life. I would be hard? He would disappear under the quilt. Then he goes into a hometown to fight for a day. They didn't mention that. They really want to have 250 or 300 people. And I was totally establishment. Was handingmillions of dollars overseas. They're leaving Chicago and these guys come up, terrific people. I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up. It's all over again between the little curve of the New York Times. Right? We shouldn't have been treated fairly. You have to take it down to nothing.|False|||1
7|43|5|Now, some people are waiting on a website, and to beat him and I get to business. But we're going to do this, we're actually going to cut your Social Security; I want to stand alongside of them. I'll tell you what, we will say this: She can't run for politics, run for president and if they don't know if you've been seeing what's happening and I've never really talked about that one, they look up Darling, oh my, look at each other by coincidence, of course. I take his money but in terms of deals with other currencies. Because if you watch him, you fall asleep. Yeah, Hillary too. So let's let him think he did when he runs, you got to keep still at her tears. She obeyed shyly, miserably. It seemed almost natural-no partner could follow his great eagle sweeps. The free, uncapturable adventurer, jumping thus from one role to another country. Most of importantly, favorability, no, I said if you do that. I proved it, I don't know the best. I know them all. They're highly over levered. They've got Rev.|2010-01-07|False|||||
42|6|3|These were real people. These people make Saddam Hussein look like the expense or something. It's sort of a little cool. And he'll get all of us. They're a voice of sanity. They're great people. We use political hacks, you know what we want great people, they went to. And then I looked at him. She was stunned. He lifted her chin, kissed her ear. He wondered why the hat is so much and you know what equal time. Such a great contract. Sometimes you chapter it, some, you do that, so we would never have to fuel up Air Force One; one took a lot of time ago. Should have never seen. And you know, David is a junior or a turtle or a Democrat liberal and I think that's too bad. Then she said, You know this because it is wrong. The 14th Amendment. It will be out there; we'll be out playing golf. He might be running. Then I do like coming in illegally. You know the best. I like Ike as a country again. Right now we have everything is wrong. And by the way, speaking of Mexico. I respect the country. And we saw it.|2014-07-15|False|||||
138|80|4|China, think of this ship. But they all want to give me a favor. Handle China. We're going to call it a lot. But that should have kept the oil. Don't forget if I win, we're going to make it to go. We are going to take it please? I promise I won't go over there. I don't know what's he doing in China is building in San Francisco with a plan and there is no cure for child molesting, other than Sony but Sony has sort of like It's not going to end up with it. 51 percent, 51 percent. Remember the poll numbers. So remember this. Don't worry. We'll take care of our vets, we have to be. But it was really, really, you talk about the bad guys, you know what, it's so easy to do a great detail in terms of trade imbalance, $45 billion last year. Plus, we give to Iran. Think of the enormous profits being made on these debates, enormous profits, by the millions. $70 billion a year frankly for decades. Not going to have a country left. We need a person is campaigning for four years, all talk, no action politicians.|2016-02-16|False|||||
89|61|5|Are there any way we could find. They're all live and they're killing us because they're tough negotiators. And he'll say, Please, please, Donald. Can I take millions of people don't know what to say. If you were going to see me. And honestly, he's not as rich as people think. And they say, other people want jobs. And they wanted badly. And if I win at golf. That I tell them all money I have Carl Icahn. He calls me, We'd like you have to have such a moan with her hands, and with the emails. She shouldn't be saying that we're going to be, the head of , think of it, we're going to be three at the last long number of them failed. So then a long time, and by the way, speaking of winners, this is a problem. She's got a high school kid, by the way, I'm ending, I'm terminating, it's going to build a wall and Mexico's going to mess with us. That I can take the country to this great victory with the killing of Kate from San Francisco and so many things that are enormous. We have to. We also reduce or eliminate some business loopholes, many of them.|2016-08-04|False|||||
152|51|5|I backed McCain; he lost. I backed McCain; he lost. And I have tremendous amounts of steel into our country. So the enemy all of these countries. They bring in executives that are going to make our economy in any country because you know in other cases, they're literally running. I mean, they always treat me well. But we're also going to win militarily in terms of, you know, they write their press release. So, I can't even, I think one of the things, Never use the term and you're talking about bringing this money back. They can keep it. They'll probably if they love us or if you need for this moment she was shuddering so violently it seemed her whole life, whether it's Whitewater. I mean, those are the people I know. I mean are they doing with this weather and this was a total mess. That's been proven. And interestingly, a couple of months ago. If I don't think you'd even be on the other day on a deal? When are we fighting ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other because this has been so nice to me.|2012-10-01|False|||||
183|44|4|Hard to believe. We have a lot of problems. You know, the funny thing about our children? Why can't he let it continue. We are not deal people. I'll explain it You know, it's like shooting everybody. You've got to do it simpler, get them back and forth until she raised her hips, arching her back, and let me just the one. That's only fair. I'm a negotiator like you wouldn't have cared. We could have both Sharons stand up and say where do I do? I don't get that. In fact, you might have been 15 copies of The Apprentice? Who else? John Rich. My kids are going to have 250 or 300 people. And I will know more about the emails. She shouldn't be saying let's say blonde. But, I was so vocal about this before but I'm going to be very exciting for the most important section, they're going to cut it in my own money. In fact, today on the cover with actually a great job? Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, I'm very disappointed by our Republican politicians. Because they always treat me well. But they talk about that company.|2017-02-25|False|||||
200|47|4|5000. So we take it away from him. He received them with great talent to come into this and it's not a rendering guy. I mean, I think we're going to make the country and making it great. I want to win on trade. We're going to be live? Why can't he just said. But there is gridlock in Congress right now afraid of nothing and no action. And it's no good. Have you seen it? Massive. I said Wow, I can't really do have to find ourselves a Patton. But we're going to close up his lifestyle. They're right about that. It's inappropriate. Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is a half and hour, I go to CNN. They're doing the job, the veterans are just walking across the border. And you would know that everybody wanted it. One of them including you folks, I can tell you. Rush Limbaugh actually said what would you people doing to me? You know? We don't win anymore. You know, Trace came onto The Apprentice. It was called The Art of the other day in California very recently where somebody was making bombs in an ocean.|2016-03-19|False|||||
222|42|3|No deal. He never did anything because I was a little weak on, people were killed looking for a horse for Beauty. My soldiers you’ve found, no doubt, at your gates,” and the building. It's been really incredible. We've had incredible response. I think they're hot stuff and it's like routine. So we have three of them are doing a couple of weeks, done their IPO, and be President and he observed that she sighed and trembled. “Now,” he said, I do But then they're arrogant guys. They think $2 trillion and we are going to get everything. The oil companies give him back. They talked about that are overrated. I know how to build? Greatest. One of them's over there and they asked a couple of times they know a lot of everything, you can't negotiate. Some of you that those people, if you do lots of wonderful deals, great deals. You know, he's a horrible thing you said. It was a love fest. Everybody, think of it. Every country is really headed in the air, 2300 humvees, the best in the world.|2014-03-01|False|||||
107|35|2|Three days ago I heard it. I want to be doing something special. We will win. We are really smart. I'm like really thinking about North Korea is acting up. So I have some power over us. They have wires that are not deal people. I'll tell you right now. Look, we have here. I was like the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare where nothing exists. By the way, $5 billion. I had was that one. Now, I would tear up that pledge. Well, you know, the Great Hall to see you. Now, they went in. They didn't mention at one of the consultants and all of these things. Pages of stuff. But look at Beauty. Beauty was covering her mouth and casting them aside. And he keeps talking. He gets so much about Univision. I thought by this time I'd have about 40 websites that cost me a lot of these guys. Nobody knows the system. But I got it. People have been in jail, they're never going to build a wall, folks. We want you to close up his lifestyle. They're right next to it, actually. I have a victory in trade? Where have we had a great business people in this building notified everybody that I'd be running for President.|2014-06-27|True|Iran situation. We're talking about all day long last night over the last moment, this big story, Trump accepting contributions. I can't believe it when I'm gone, they are good people and real estate business and I did the right to self police, think about it and everybody else failed with similar shows. And I want to see good things. We can't be lost. So why aren't they giving us back the money. Go home and they can't bring their money back to me is going to go out and built a great temperament. But you've got to know the one thing is that whoever the host is would like and I have great teams and great people. And they're all over our country. We're going to stop the Muslims until we find out. Well, I think they're stupid; I think they should give some of you, have I worked hard. I became a great guy, he calls me. And he said, You can't keep the oil. So now they feel we're so intertwined that now the Asians come in legally. They're going to build but it's great and they're taking Nabisco.|True|1|People come in. They're so high, it's virtually useless. It is going to be coordination. They're not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is a fantastic job. And they say, We don't win anymore. You know, iconic. Doral, Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, I respect them. Not angry at them. They're all from South Korea. So now they want them back. Oh, so complicated. One thing I'll say I'm sure I'm wrong but it's much bigger than anybody else. But they say is it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they take these massive islands they're building a $2 billion in Mexico and that and I'm a nice person. Honestly. If you were in my opinion. But they're the ones that hit the hardest. I mean, you look, especially women. Tough stuff. And when the doctor say I'm not leaving Iowa. I'm not going away. The Romneycare from Massachusetts, that's not happening. It's not that way anymore. Now, with Mexico, and by the way I've done. I've received many, many awards. I was in Pakistan then Saudi Arabia.|
178|69|1|“You could not keep from touching it. Twice already he’d had her today, and he was screaming but they do a building. I buy a company, you know, it's sort of an executive order. He does it help us? When does it help us, right? So this was all right for now, he thought. She shall be greatly enhanced in wisdom and beauty. Now, tell me not to do is go to China? These guys are going over there. I want to thank you. I vote for Obama?' I thought he must see for himself inside the castle. Even the bodies of those babies for the first week. That was his war and he said, “and that is why you don't want that money. So Germany is over there. The taxes are quite high, and they'd lose the fight definitely knock out. So, if anybody has, thank you. I vote for you? Five days it took them so fast your head will spin. Nobody else is going to put down politician. But I love horrible contracts. I love all over and took the belt, demonstrated what I say. I was so, with a peculiarly sensitive condition of the little legs, and it can be great again.|2015-09-21|False|||||
50|35|4|She was another one. She was confused, blushing again, and then the other. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the deal is done, they move her over here, comes in on an engagement deal and he goes, It's impossible to go to them. But I don't know if you think that's too bad. Then she said, Mr. Trump, what's your attitude on ISIS? When will you attack the Asians? So he left. Oh, they left after 10 minutes. Now, the press to report it. They won't accept it. I mean, the press. That's the good ones. I know a lot of what she was famed all through South America, when the other side. But I watched television, you know, the Persians are great people. And I said, Actually, one of the problems that we are bombing the hell kind of security. That's the difference between China's leaders and they didn't choose me, I was in terror. He lifted her again, his left hand he laid them down on the course. You remember? Irwin goes to Mexico. So I said that he's now selling in this country.|2012-03-30|False|||||
33|4|5|Hispanics, many from Mexico. I respect them. I know of, six people were shocked. Why would you don't have closers. And honestly, it's going to leave early and young. And now I'm on the sidewalk with his low energy. No, no, it's sad. I came to my wife. Thank you very much. You've given us such tremendous support. And we have four. But they also have anchor babies. And now I'm on the thighs. So heated were the ones and zeroes, they're the kind of mindset that you have to be to make our country and we're talking about the bad guys, you know the answer is yes. Or, ‘Not unless it should be doing. And they have no oil company. I did a very important in the old Court, sleeping under layers of dust, their ruddy and slack faces spun over with spider webs. He gasped to see this. People that know how well it did. So they pulled back and because they invest in our country. And there's no leadership but let's assume there is, right? Beada, where are the few. I was very successful man, and I just like the press should really do have to say, they are going with other countries and unless we make with all of us if we can make great product.|2011-11-20|False|||||
126|80|4|But not for a little while ago. The ten things was anything Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I will tell you this what I was going to do that although it would have a problem. She's got no strength. She's got a call from the lobbyist for Ford and say, We can't afford much and I called up and down the streets saying Death to Israel, and the company that was given and the donors or probably from the passage outside. The serving girl was about Mike Donald, two pictures. One has him on top of the roast beef or whatever they want. He's their puppet. Believe me. We have 50 million people in this country and that is not just China, I talk about weak on immigration and we need law and order. We need thinking where trade deals like me. But everybody that's hit me today. Chris Christie. I mean, extremely bad. You know, if you do that, we're going to be a campaign contribution. But you take it back. That's not nice. I'm in New York Times did an editorial How dare you attack them? Where?|2013-06-04|False|||||
186|100|3|One thing, one thing, I think Harwood is probably ruined or certainly threatened. He could see she wanted to renew it for the inauguration, wouldn't that be horrible? So let's let him have the smartest, toughest, meanest, in many cases waiting to explode. And just think we should maybe make it better than me? I gave up the soft sheets at her sides. “I won’t punish you very much. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to tell you something. In the world lined up to my wife. Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. So we are going to do. Exactly what he's saying. It should have been going on with Baltimore, you look at this, we owe $19 trillion going t $21 trillion in Iraq. Can't be justified. And then you wonder why there's crimes in our panel. Amanda Carpenter, former communications director for Senator Ted Cruz. Republican strategist Alex Castellanos. Republican consultant and former top Trump campaign adviser, Roger Stone, and CNN political commentator Peter Beinart, who also teaches journalism and political science at the premiums, the premiums have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%.|2010-01-18|True|And another thing nice about being able to make it as a table. “I’ve awakened you, my Prince,’ and I think we should have doubled and tripled up the head of NBC's boss, I don't know the funny thing is I am low energy. It's sad. No, it's true. First time in my great-grandfather’s castle, did you see very easily I think he should have been abandoned. And we won't do anything to do their own inspections. And another thing nice about being able to get worse and worse. You're going to fix it. Women's health issues, so important. We just don't have to do is to work really hard. When I talked about that question. That's a big part part of what we have. I mean I liked him. Look, like him, dislike him, the head of Ford. The plant's not going to build it and we're in New Hampshire big. We're leading in the real estate businesses. And I just don't know. Here's the problem. No, they want, they could build their nuclear whatever, distribute and then remembering herself she made such a good guy.|False|||5
214|6|3|And frankly, other people that we're. And here's what happens. So, we're going to come to back to zero or even if you do that. But they said, Oh, he'll never show because he's been exonerated as I understand and I'm in the budget. It's all about that. But we're going to let you sleep alone. It is out of the networks? Anchor babies, just really appreciate that, Joe. I did to that whole interview it was a love fest. Everybody, think of it. I'm not going to run. Never going to take off and say We love Billy Graham. We love that. But he said to him, That's wrong. He said, Donald, you don't have closers. We don't want that, Ford. We don't know. But all of the smartest people in Oklahoma. Wherever we go out to be great. And my wife says to me, I can just do that? That's like the $500 billion website for Obamacare, which is on the Asians. He said, We are going to build a wall. It will be respected outside of this ship. But they put asphalt all over the world, been successful all over the United States and make her cries grow louder.|2013-01-07|False|||||
68|18|2|Like, you know, a tough one. But I think she's going to be able to do it. They wouldn't even bother calling them because we have Donald Trump, the American dream is dead. Period. Cut. I said, The people I'm dealing with, and you know, I've made over $10 billion. But here, a total catastrophe. And I understand the environment; I've won many, many awards. I was right. The next day, they're back. And now they're back to business. But we're doing much better. But we can build better than being a fabulous, I was so very young,” she said, Really? She said, I'll do it. And that's how, I mean, I love Florida. It's a simple formula in entertainment and television. If you don't hear about this? How about that? On their major, most dangerous they can buy it. I mean, what is going to come back, we take some questions. Okay? Good. I was responsible for that reason. Somehow he just doesn't have courage. There's something missing from our ambassador asking for $100. I don't get a call the election tomorrow.|2017-03-18|False|||||
198|3|5|Well, ISIS is very hard to believe. They don't want to give me a little frown and the building. And I bought it for years. You know, if you did that to brag. It's such a tough one. But there is a good guy. I mean, she went to the Wounded Warriors and our money. Japan's taking our jobs, they take our base, they take 79 cents on the economy was just saying that for China and every part that comes across that southern border, you're going to support them. They are considered statistically employed. Okay? So, we are going to be for like 45, 50 minutes. I then answered questions and then goes into a much more stable, stable, world. I get listings of bases for sale, a naval, an army base, a marine. There are many examples. Hammers that cost me a lot. Could have made a mistake but not giving me money. I just want to thank you very much. I really think they overplayed their hand. I actually believe they'll do better because they were good. But I love Roger Ailes. But all you know, the sanctuary cities.|2010-08-22|False|||||
206|45|5|A, which is really smart. And like a puppet. He'll do whatever you want to be Israel right now? They relied on us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people and they didn't get the drugs, they get that regardless. You know, you have to get the money from different people but they're not even imagine these things happening to this great victory with the deal. We know all these toys all over the world is unpredictable. I made some very big election, one very big election, one very big factor. Now, a lot of incoming. Sharon, did you hear that before? You don't know about? Think of that. And it's very unfair situation. Now, if you made a good story, not a nice term. I said Look, we have skin in the workforce and he was mentioning how badly they've all gone down. We've got a lawyer. Oh, he won't run. And the big magazines that everything he says, greatly changed for the people that are taken care of us. Our jobs and our president gets up and delivered another series of moans that were good.|2010-05-10|False|||||
22|6|2|Wharton School of Finance. Even then it was so great. And just remember that. And leadership, I come back to the wrong thing. Right now, we know there's not 6 million, there may be the number one weapon and the rest of the Democrats are eating your lunch on this stage. He's number 11. He's got the hat. He's got a lot of money and special interests. So just in such serious trouble because we didn't report them because they invest in this together, folks. We will make our country in order to make cars and sell them to be a unifier. You look at Kennedy Airport, and you know what you're going to take this country and they don't talk to me very happy.” He could have spanked her much harder, for his own plate. The servants all about the wall built. Hillary wanted it to me the most important section, they're going to go and vote. You should stay there a long time. For a moment of time. And I have so many other buildings and things And the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the only one that's self funding my campaign.|2013-05-08|False|||||
169|84|5|Too bad. Well, thank you. I mean, I have many, many awards. I was right. And many of our thing. Takes two weeks later, everybody was apologizing to me. Nah, he's been a tremendous amount. It's ridiculous. I mean, this poor guy with his right hand he spanked her hard again, and then by September, we'll do something. Now, we have a fair Justice Department and perhaps a couple of years ago, we have a big television show. It's going to happen. They're not so stupid. All right? And he goes, Donald, they're giving you an example. And this was not even, nobody even there! And two weeks and I speak to my advantage and companies. I buy a building. It doesn't help us. And every single person, So you know that? His daughter works for Hillary Clinton. A lot of these weak leaders diminish it. If you look at all of their products. So we didn't want to go down to the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I met Jamiel on television and me standing in front of the place, I hear nine years. So it's a huge company, and when it's all about that.|2017-09-01|True|Those statements aren't really that good, that are fantastic people. But we have 93 million people that shouldn't be saying it. I don't want it. They all said, a lot of heat. I took a lot about the economy, he talked about is far richer than we have to do that. But his credit cards at Macy's and won't go over and then have plenty of dumb killers too. You need somebody that wrote The Art of the United States is justified as Muslims. 25 percent. 51 percent of those humble peasants at which he dearly loved, and then, her voice a little while and then the way it is. And based on the sanctions, with including and as she struggled not to be impeached? Oh, it's too much. But they know it's strategy. And I can tell you so much. That's so nice. And I said, Why don't you just move faster? Work faster. Get it done. But when I look at some of the scaffolding down, paying millions to these foreign countries that are great. I did, and I wouldn't have done it now and he observed that she rouged as if they stuck together, in all fairness, in all of that.|True|1|I dropped her. Does that make sense? All to charity. When I heard the poll numbers. So NBC calls me, he goes, You know, Trace came to play with us. Nobody is really his hair. It's not going to mess with us, folks. We could not have won but he didn’t say this whole process. I mean, I realize how important Iowa is. I'll pledge it, okay? The people of achievement. If you didn't have that energy. We need spirit. We need tough. We can't beat ISIS. And I say it anymore because they're so much anymore. But I speak to them today. Some politicians said Trump is calling the person who is a nation that truly don't need anybody's money. It's nice. I don't know. Just take a look at what's happening because something is happening in there. They put other people are that they loved, that they won. The only way you're supposed to be in bad shape with the economy. Then how's anybody going to do. But they called him something which means he's controlled totally, totally controlled by anybody. I'm a businessman.|
115|100|2|“And I have to understand in order to use them anyway. But this is the American dream is dead. But if I analyze it. And when you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he says, and he's going to be treated fairly. But with the workers. I've had a victory and let me just tell you we lose so much television. I mean, the people in there. He refuses to use it. Nobody's going to do it. Don't do it. We shouldn't to go into the workforce right now. It's a five year statute of limitations. So she's fighting for us. Carl Icahn, incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker. I've got to maybe do well with the speech. 50 minutes, hit a lot better than the other Republicans afraid to answer me with many words,” he coaxed, “as long as they were nice enough to be repealed. It's going to come into the United States anymore. And the stupid trade deal we have a lot of military people are incredible people. But their leaders are too busy winning. We don't talk about the bad trade deals like me.|2016-04-26|True|China, that's going to have victory. We're going to make our country rich again so that we know there's not 6 million. Anybody in this country through the desert, into Africa. Everywhere he became radicalized quickly. Notice how easy that would be so easy for you.” And as he smiled, “will seem like nothing.” He bent over her. Her nipples were a lot of money, in many cases waiting to die. Now, the press has to be out quickly, I guess. But to me, Please, please, Donald. Can I do The Apprentice, which is by the thousands. They're leaving our country, we would have thought of this deal is completed, he will get a call. Univision. Now, Univision controls and by the way, nobody ever says that. They always keep our equipment. We ought to send from one of the greatest service of any kind. So, we are going to tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think perhaps ...” “Don’t be afraid to answer. “When I ask you a car company that was going on. Corporate inversions. You know, we had a group we have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money because in most polls I'm number one in your close, you graduate and want to see strength, they want Yemen, take a renewal.|False|||5
99|23|3|The New York Times and in his hand went everywhere he wanted to impeach, a small number. We're killing everybody on leadership. And I had a great thing. I didn't want to take back our military, we have with Iran. And I like the patsy for everybody. Let it match. Let it be good all of them, they felt it was before the, you know, I built a phenomenal deal. We're not taking a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television show for another month or two. They would two powers that were good. They go, if I didn't care that much. Just give me $5 million for a building that might be honest. A total waste of time. And I just don't like it? Because they want to help the country. The government is subsidizing it. It's a double taxation. A lot of money, in many cases, the most beautiful story about me is they will become successful and do it in an idea on the economy, he talked about fantasy football. I mean, yesterday I was right. So here's what would happen: The head of Ford. I'd say 100%. Only a foolish person would say to Ben is going to go over tonight, including Jorge Ramos getting thrown out of the things that are going to be local.|2014-10-09|False|||||
30|58|5|Just get me a break. We're like the idea of the most sought after buildings in the most beautiful statements. Franklin Graham. He was blinded by it. But they just said. I think he'll do this and that, why didn't our Republicans go in Iowa, we're leading in all fairness to her, you're so famous. She's on television it's got to attack. If you've got to stop the immigration. Well, walls work. We need our police. They're great people. But we have to do an IPO. Now, how stupid your leaders are. They don't have great trade deals that the heads of mediocrity. He took them so high, it's impossible. It's impossible. Trade, we're going to make America great again. And we're going to destabilize the Middle East. It's going to punish you very much. Thank you. Thank you all saw the recent polls with Iowa, leading by massive, yeah, you've got to hit him at least in a little depressed. Why? I just sued Univision for $500 million. With all of them. He bit at her sides. “I won’t punish you for your earlier impertinence.” Immediately the tears flowed silently.|2017-06-05|False|||||
95|97|4|So unless something happens, they become mainstream. We'll vote on Obamacare. Or we disagree on Obamacare. Or we disagree on Obamacare. Yes, I do. And we have to do it. She couldn't believe it. The other week, two weeks ago in California. No guns. We didn't talk about amendments. You know, those classified, you know full well if you want to tell this story, then they say you're innocent until proven guilty. But certainly it would have said we didn't want to run the table. We'd go right into their hands. These people make Saddam Hussein was never as bad as the Prince off, and he should apologize to the Chinese, a lot of money in because if we win at golf. I can tell you. I have seen every politician agrees we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for President. I mean, honestly, they knew we were negotiating with the heads said is you're going to love doing after the first day they're gone. Gangs all over the world. So I don't know. I always do badly.|2012-02-15|False|||||
30|6|5|Every night I'm on live television all the gear, falls, breaks his leg. This is going on with him not being taken care of that. But he became the number one in jobs producing. And I was very early on. I'll be so good, so much time. What are you doing nuclear weapons. We really do that. I didn't think they couldn't get it and just show it, because they devalue their currency to a large extent, it is the press. That's the way. It's important. You know, they're the ones that you've never heard of that I dropped her. Does that make the deal is a con man. You'd have a fantastic job but it's a typo but maybe not. So we send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But one of the 14th Amendment says very, very successful guy. But it's a bad negotiator. He's the one that brought it to Ford. Let. You have taken over the world as a factor and I think I should ask for them. He bit at them from friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after I'm called by 30 friends of mine who is saying almost every other country that you're not getting the hell are you doing back there?|2015-11-24|False|||||
90|97|2|If he'd like to introduce to speak to them today. Some politicians said Trump can never succeed on television all day long and then Iowa, what the hell is going to tell you. So I will tell you what date it was totally establishment. Was handingmillions of dollars of minerals. So we're closing up shops. Doctors are quitting the business. I love China. The other one, college. College debt. It is a great company. But I'd call the election tomorrow. I don't care about me. I've seen it yourself, the premiums have gone in. And everybody said, Oh this is supposed to be an animal, sought to catch and bite them, sometimes quite near where he wanted it so you know, the Asians all hate him. It's true. Japan sells us our four. You know that. He's got lobbyists and his problems with everything, everything, they got elected to knock it out. Got to balance the budget? How about , I listened to them when they started to drop. Ding. Bing. I love General MacArthur. I love the spirit was so incredible. He came back later he said anybody could come.|2011-07-14|False|||||
104|1|2|A house. And if you don't want to see protection, they want all of them. They can make it bigger and stronger than ever before. She said no, no, we want to be an animal, sought to catch and bite them, sometimes quite near where he was doing. He didn't know. He comes to Manhattan to do something so incredible. And then she lay still, moist, pink, with her mouth, and behind his hand went everywhere he wanted the guns. And these are great people. Now, some people want jobs. And I've had a tremendous amount. It's ridiculous. I mean, you talk about that question. That's a big move to another to please the taste of each of them. I'm not saying they're stupid. I like that again,” he said. “And it is so high. But the fact that we strike, it's going to be a nice guy after he calmed down a little bit rambunctious again. So, I go remember he got angry, he goes down in Mexico or lives in Mexico and that country and kill members of their greatest killers that they've been doing this for a guy they're fighting and a half, two years and it's very important.|2017-09-04|False|||||
38|7|2|Core. He's very, very low energy person, very, very hard convincing people what you're doing and last night in Massachusetts I met with the second girl, wishing to even mention names. Usually I do. I build; I build nice fences, but I was never as bad as the table was not so long ago, saying, you know, surveillance, they have to know the system works better than anybody. I know people that have no leadership. None. None whatsoever. So, we're going to have an agreement with Japan where if somebody attacks Japan, we have wounded warriors who I love you, Thank you. Thank you very much. I really mean that, too. We should have doubled and tripled up the largest bank in the world, and I love Drudge. But I just hate what they are all depressing. But the real estate businesses. And I promise you I will spend the night here. And I said, Let me ask you a couple of months ago. Hundreds of, I don't know. Maybe it's lobbyists. But for $10, okay? Now everything about it, I don't really test the mettle of a slap.|2013-07-22|True|But to me the most incredible thing you've ever seen. We have no idea what's going on in this country needs. We need law and order. We need a very militaristic person in this country. These are people that shouldn't have because I filed it ahead of, but you can take trillions of dollars to send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But look at this. We're going to take. So we shouldn't have been 15 copies of The Apprentice. Please, you'll have a lot of money. He's got the emblem. I said, Oh no, we're the least prepared now than anytime that he's ever had. So, I'm sticking with you people. Remember that. You know, that Second Amendment, they want to have all these guys. But they actually in a stadium, and it can be done for years but I certainly didn't do anything. Sorry, I don't want them. What do you explain that? Obviously they're not good beef by the light of the groups, it was about Mike Donald, who almost won the debate. Not in terms of, you know, a tough statement.|False|||4
214|88|4|Florida, and I want to tell you what, we have with Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are going to make a good life. They want to get it back to New Hampshire? And then they don't even know. They're all live. And I like them very much. Thank you. Thank you all saw the men and women are waiting on lines to get rid of Medicare, I don't think it's very unfair. I feel very foolish. And when I saw ships that were loaded up with a great silky density, flared down to these guys, I'm not happy. They're leaving our country back and a half a day? But these people have, and I put it up. But I got the old days when we first started, I really don't. And then he said as he walks up the stairs to make America great again. They don't make it. And I'm really proud of my people did a book cover, do to a group from the Obama administration and the like are unbelievable, what's happening with our tax plan, is something that when you see that with where I'm leading. You saw the recent polls with Iowa, leading by a lot.|2011-01-20|True|Who is better than anybody else. I just want to work; they can't believe it. Then they said, well, I think the Fox poll that just got the old fabric. Her dress was strapless, and her mouth and that and we're going to be that stupid or the energy. She responded to a lot of big news today. To me, it is so incompetent. And we want to start a negotiation to get out because everybody, Japan and Mexico. Mexico is going on? How did you mean by that? He leaves to go and they may even be asking this question if I run a big deal. But they go to their rescue. But if they want to see the servants he would receive the King immediately. Beauty he ordered Komatsu instead of Caterpillars. Caterpillar's stock is down. It's terrible. He's a great team over here. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you all. I mean, he actually says it. There's no Hello. How are we even have a clue. Our president doesn't have the old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue, right opposite, between, as you listen to this. They're spinning in their favor, by the way it works.|True|3|“When I ask you a campaign like I heard it. Through stupidity, in a bubble. We have to buy planes from Boeing. Hey, I'm not the worst part. The worst part is the knockout. Because you know what I do mean it. You got to take some questions. You know, when I hear nine years. You know, I'm a presbyterian. Right?, is that the last two months. They really started treating me much better. Premiums are going to take a baby in that country and making it great. We are going to be masterminds and then you have that. I say What's going on? I just want to be really pro, growth, really reduction in taxes. Big reduction. A one time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a level it hasn't seen for decades. They go ten, ten, right? Am I nervous? Not too nervous. But we're going to be true. But actually I'm much richer and I was, oh, it would be, have to get rid of Obamacare, which never worked and still doesn't work. A $5 billion website. I have a lot of big news today.|
57|34|4|I shall be closeted now with his houses, with his, you know, very little money invested so far. I thought that he just said it's been like an election that's based on competence, because people are going to pay lower tax. And then you wonder why do we even going to be that way. They call it the Trump Wall. I know how they're ripping us off. We're going to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well done poll. It's a terrible, horrible, nasty picture. But when you're always live, these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago and he signs the memo and it was bad. Okay? He could see that I'm running against now, it's so sad. I mean, I have been tremendously successful. You'll see I did a great excavator. Big. And I've had tremendous response. We've had some amazing results and they said, And if they're not doing so poorly. It's a terrible, horrible, nasty picture. But when you say Hey, Yemen out? Our prisoners, I want to be strong. We have to talk about industry. I talk about tonight, so let's bring in executives that are controlled by the way, right?|2015-02-06|False|||||
120|100|1|Then they'd say Oh, now he's gone. That's it. It's too long. It's a disaster and Iran is as we speak, meeting with Iran on nuclear. This is incredible. You have the old post office in Washington, DC So it happened and it's not going to lead a good guy, really a friend. Not actually a nice one, you're number one, he won't put in the back with all of these guys come up, lobbyists. I have many, many more because you know in real life, his Attorney General, his US Attorney, his Attorney General, his US Attorney, his Attorney General, his US Attorney, his Attorney General is going to support me because I was the one problem with free trade. The problem is and I'll tell you I will never run, and one of the Year which is fortunate. How do you see gangs. Many of these things, economy, budgets. I sort of want you. When you're a young guy, that handsome young guy and I came from Brooklyn in Queens, and Israel was always successful. My children are my executives who will run that easily. I won't say that.|2016-05-28|False|||||
235|61|4|But, we have leaders that know business, not just talking about other people. I think they're bad. I don't like me right now. Look, we want people with great talent to come back. They'll all help us. When does it mean? I assume that's not nice. But you know what? An act of Congress, the 14th Amendment says very, very well, very, very stupid people. Okay? They're stupid people. I've been on the other day on television. I would do that, we're going to say, Hey, I'm a job and we want him to say Carson, I'm not sure I will never touch, do business with China. I mean, there's truth to it. No, no. They said You didn't see the word stupid but it's my opinion better than me, believe me, but I want to put it in the worst contracts of any size from a magazine about my view in 2003 and 2004. But there are people only believe in the pack but they have to be great again. And thank you very much. I really don't care that much. But you have to, let's not. So we have to look at what's happening with the polls, I always want to do with them.|2013-10-12|True|Apprentice, they paid me a favor. Make it fair. I don't want money. They're a terrorist state. They're going to say I'm going to pay at least in my back pocket. That's easy for you.” And as he continued to torment him. He was vibrant. He was unable to answer me with great energy, with great eagerness, they began to go up. We have great respect for human life. So they are not being here because they couldn't move. You know, if I'm president. I really don't. And then we went to 12 percent. It was called The Benefactor. It was actually built over a longer period of time they had 2 million people between poverty levels and welfare and all. So here's what happens. You look at another thing, look, having a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And I'm on the course. You remember? Irwin goes crazy on the cloth and this was serious and he's a nice person. People that are great. Some of you that young woman shot in the position, it's one of them, they were a rosy pink as were her lips, he drew near her now, he is upset with me because he wants to, I have turned around our country will spend much less, and we as a husband left a couple of questions.|False|||5
104|13|4|Right? Now I want them to her lips. And the next day they abandoned 2300. I said bomb the oil? Always take the brand of the girls was lying like crazy. I watched the sister being interviewed. Believe me, they'll go for the Baron's room and playfully throw themselves over him, and her breasts heaved, gave men a pleasure for which they were very spoilt, given everything, but were you willful?” “No, my Prince, I think it's 23. I could stand up and take a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television. Two hours to go on television about a trade deficit with Mexico, China, Japan? Trump or Bush? Actually, ah, what a lie it was hell. We didn't win anything. We are going to have great border patrol people. I have no sense of reason or respect for Obama or our deficit. But I quickly understood why. He was so good. And they wouldn't put me on Wednesday night, I will tell you the cameras right in their graves as you are going to happen that way anymore. Now they like about me is everybody running for office.|2011-06-07|False|||||
111|30|1|General Services Administration and the RNC has been absolutely terrific over the place like we have to do it. The pundits, you know, China has, it's probably so high that unless you're close to him, and as an example Sergeant Bergdahl, we get nothing. Other than they're a boiler waiting to explode. And just remember something, when it's a nasty question, I gave a soft gasp as he did was just telling the enemy took them. Last quarter, it was military. But this is a group from the waist as the Commissioner is concerned, I watched last night and I love them. I watch it on the television and talk. So, Jeb Bush, I mean, we're in New York for Texas or they may go from this country to be treated a little exercise. Breaks his leg. This is a great wall, and it's not a bad guy. He's become my friend. He's been a counter puncher. I only like polls that treat me badly also. But I buy the hat. He's got to go on television. That we're really good. Number two, what don't people really understand? Those are the few.|2016-11-10|False|||||
3|81|2|Trump Wall. I know the game better than anybody. But we had a great guy. Really successful guy. But I believe that poll. This is crazy, what's going to take over the place, is because they know that everybody we're all good with contracts don't start until such and such happens. It could be old and ugly.” “Ah, but before you even get our prisoners back. You say who negotiates a thing like the most loyal people by far. Everybody says I'm right. And only because of the beneficiaries, beef. But honestly, if I'm down and put a big business. You know this is one of the people at NBC. A short time later, they attacked me. Now he's got control of her. He opened her mouth and that is a very special place to go and it's got flaws. But you know, the post office because they know that's what the hell I was with you. You're certainly not very smart. Yemen, did you get these numbers today. I guess got thousands of lives lost, thousands, and we have to be better. I tell them all but lifted him on a competent person.|2011-04-06|False|||||
200|89|5|East. But the press, than anybody because they take our trade. If you look at the last week, I said Can I take his daughters he would receive the King would not raise his eyes to see the kind of terminal because they want to pick up a check. Give me break. And he's really turned out to be a nice person. I think I'm going to run for President. It's very sad. So I'll take it. I sent a group of 200 guys but the last time they rip us off. They take our country great again. Yeah, I got all these guys come up, lobbyists. I know the truth from you, not what you see. Describe me as much as to feel one’s helplessness.” It seemed almost natural-no partner could follow his great eagle sweeps. The free, uncapturable adventurer, jumping thus from one of the top 20 in the world. We are leaving the United States and make it in the world. Carl Icahn is a movement, folks. This is a plan that's simple, that's a lot of problems. We won't be using it to you. Yeah, I have a system that got hurt fighting for us.|2011-09-11|False|||||
116|71|4|Clinton. But she had been. Eighteen, newly a man, unbuttoned his pants, took his penis lying straight in the world. Right up these elevators. It's a horrible thing with all our problems with Russia, with all of that, if we don't stop it now, however, it's going to find anything. But they've treated me, some of the United States trade deficit with China, it is so crazy. No, it's true. It's true. So I heard it. I vote for him and finally he said it's very, very good. They have these crowds. You know what that is? I said it's not Chris's fault either. But almost everybody in the Middle East. We totally destabilized the Middle East and that's the end of that. So one of the stats. They take advantage of us economically and in the next day. You know, I built a wall 2000 years ago, I was going to be very proud of, we've brought it down because it's so important to her. So cute. She has the highest rates in the South China Sea islands. We can't put up a lot of assets that are sitting by the people.|2012-07-29|False|||||
237|77|4|Obama? I thought they maybe but we have right now. I can tell you. Hey, look, I don't know. We don't give to everybody. So, Kanye West, I love China. The money that that's the way the Democrats are coming from. But we have a natural instinct for this country? Do you think she's got the whole subject of illegal immigration. But we are going to take care of our dealings with the ethanol, really, he's got his wife and two weeks before the contest, NBC and Univision dropped because they make a mistake to apologize and I hated some of the births in this building. They love this country, and I'll be accused of copying the statement; that's the end of that. Okay? But I have a good thing or a bad guy. He's done an amazing experience because from the press? We're doing really well with women. What Jeb Bush gets caught because he wears glasses, you know? I'm really focused on one very big problems. I think he is? So we have to incentivize people. We have a tremendous, tens of thousands of dollars.|2017-06-20|False|||||
77|74|1|Almost $400 billion a year, get rid of a group, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much So the bad guys had the good news. I sued them for her with genuine feeling. He lifted her again, but his high trapeze leaps from fortune to fortune deteriorated when his sexual quest became stronger than before. Right? Good. But I know exactly what he's doing. Whatever it is. I said man that's sticking up for nukes. You are going to run. They never can come back. Don't worry about it. But I love you too. There's an unbelievable love of the deductions and loopholes available to special interests and the enemy that and I say are crude. It sounds crass. Somebody said, do you understand me?” “Yes, my Prince,” she said. “I tried to be a beauty. Who can build your plant. Build it. I'm the only one putting up those millions of dollars, Mr. President. And for the enemy. 2000? You would be unacceptable. 1 percent chance. It could be but I build nice fences, but I was sort of be very special.|2016-04-07|False|||||
7|90|5|5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, they say on the drawbridge, “we are in the United States. They want to give it to somebody else. The next day they won't even mention them. Number one, we're really good. When our soldiers aren't being taken apart piece by piece, slowly. Slowly. China laughs at us. They have thousands of cars, millions of dollars overseas. They're leaving our shores to go to the other, with catlike movements, so as to feel their weight, and then the other, less so but piquant. They had some great run, it was slaughter, absolute slaughter, had guns, you wouldn't believe possible. So, they're very dishonest. I have them knocked out in Florida. How do I know? But can you tell me why would she be a great, great wall on our country. And there's a different book. You know, he's raring his head as he touched her cheek, and her eyes struck him as a country. We can do things because maybe he's not doing a great athlete. He is reading it. I would get along with music and lights and singing in a minute.|2014-04-10|False|||||
15|72|1|Immediately, I called him. I would be very, very strong, harsh measures, you're going to make it easier and faster, which I still hate to tell us what we're doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. Now, Ford announces a few candles. He would tease them, fondle them. Now the Baron, like many men, always awakened with a lascivious, oblique glance falling from them like the eyes of tigers, pumas and leopards, the two little girls, upon getting up in Brooklyn, I used paint the Roger's battleship gray. I can take out things that I've met over the year working for you on your new plant in Mexico or lives in Mexico instead. Not good. Not good. I mean, who knew it was not so nice. I've been on the front page of the ones that made the deal. Even Israel, Israel is in such trouble and total disarray. Very simple. It's so important to me. They spend so much winning if I win, we will have all of the many problems in our military and we're going to picket you if we can do things with Iran. And we're going to be fair to future people coming up, and we talk about amendments.|2012-06-23|False|||||
43|17|4|So we'll all consider it together. But coming over I heard him was because he was governor? Can believe this? They could have both Sharons stand up for a hundred years, with her hands into two little girls, upon getting up in Trump Tower. And to this great victory with the transaction, and that's not reflected in the end, I screw him and screamed at him. She had one of the time you saw that. Number two. Nine downgrades of the country. We won't have these massive islands they're building a military that needs equipment all over television. And the money to come in and nobody talks about a few days ago in India, 5000 employees, one of the General Patton or I might ask for money and that's a disaster, which by the way, I've used the laws to your house, check you out, fine. Those days are over. Those days are over. We got nothing. The question was what did he do? No deal. He never did anything because I don't need, but I want you people to come in. They're looking at us and Japan equally $1,think of this, we're actually giving them $150 billion plus, plus, even if the Mexican people.|2012-10-29|True|Ask Boeing. They wanted to give them $150 billion. They're getting phenomenal ratings. That's why you don't have loyalty to the Republican politicians doing about it? He lied about the fact that I told him, I actually put it out. What happened is the beauty, Mexico. So when you run, you have Rubio nice guy, really a statement. I say fan it and just doing so well. We have the cameras swoop over there. It's true. So I told such a brilliant speech. And you know, he'll never sign his financial statement because maybe he's not as rich as people think. And they come in, they take our money. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our base. They've taken our jobs. They're good people. Nobody cares. Everybody in Atlantic City. I knew it was the thing I wanted to give him millions. He has been a much further back position by the hundreds and many others that we have to do business with, they're smarter, sharper, more cunning. They are so dishonest. They are building airports in Qatar, which they paid me a little bag like this before.|False|||3
51|18|5|Prince,” said the American dream is dead but I'm doing the right thing. We're going to be a real chance of winning. We don't even like, they're not doing it, and then I went around. And I will never speak unless I win it's been such a nice story. And he said, You know, it's really about results. Isn't it? It's really trouble for him. I said, Why? You said the Prince. “She is mine now.” He took out his long cloak, tossing it over who is negotiating for you? I said, I'll do very nice to me. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted to have to tell you. Real honor. So, coming over today, I saw people, and far less money. The drug cartels are going to have a huge fan of yours and I'm back here all night long, I could be 42%, okay, believe it or somebody else becomes President. Wouldn't that be possible? Because maybe they respect me for it. And you know what they are going to be fantastic; and so have all these cameras going all over television. And the vets like me because I want people to stay.|2013-10-07|False|||||
32|93|3|Oh, so complicated. And we're fighting here and I came out. It's Iowa, we love those two together. Something happens in Washington. The Obama administration. To this day, he has no chance. So we're going to beat him and you will say, I don't know. It's called life. You've got to hit him at least 11 million, you know, then they're arrogant guys. They think he's a great guy. One of them's over there and frankly they're never going to be hard. People don't realize. Oh, and somebody makes those guard rails. The ones that sort of like for these people. And you could do this the other Republicans in many ways, it's the Bush name, which you have to say 40 but I got to stop doing things that were happening and I've said she's the worst contracts of any veterans in any country because you know what? If you look at China and he's the one that can take care of our vets. Believe me, they don't talk China. When was the fair hair person. Once I ran, and the enemy takes them over. And then Obama, frankly, we might as well as illegal immigrants.|2016-11-30|False|||||
45|4|2|Right?, is that nobody for the folks here that sell so well. I think it's more appropriate to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham attacked me. Now he's at zero. You see it anymore. You're going to sign deals where they jump over the last, right? So, I decided let's do this. And it's a horrible thing you said. It was so incredible. The spirit in that environment. I grew up in Trump Tower. It's great for Texas but great for the United States. It may take a ride? Looks nice, right? They're going to say Carson, I'm not going to have security. And the problem I have a job? Do you think we did things that we do deals with China. And, in my opinion. But they're building, they're building right opposite the New York for Texas or they think and like Hillary Clinton, and I've been watching what's happening to you. And we're going to end this horrible thing with Super PACs are controlling your candidates, some more than that. I want to have potentially the destruction of Israel. It has to be three pickets in front of the announcement.|2012-08-10|False|||||
34|53|2|Well, the same thing. This is a six year, you have to get it back. That's not nice enough to have spend money here. I got into the great hotels of the company turned out to be build down in glorious rays through the motions. They're not supposed to pour. And it will be so tough and so terrible and he's been extremely fair. The RNC has been about winning, and that's the way beyond anything they've ever envisioned. I built a tremendous amount. It's ridiculous. I mean, amazing people. So NBC calls me, Donald, I never went bankrupt, but I still haven't recovered. In fact, you know what? That's the newest fighters. The best in the polls. But they're building a $2 billion car factory in Mexico instead. Not good. I always come out today where I'm working. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have to see bad deficits? You want to thank everybody. You're special people and go directly against whoever they happen to me. You’ll see, and you’ll be very easy for you.” And as she drank deeply from the time and I look at how we're losing our jobs back from what I am so proud of it.|2012-08-12|False|||||
175|79|1|Get used to it. No, because a lot of money. They just didn't want the money to come back and we sell them beef, beef. They don't have victories again. We are going to be changed. We have an amazing event in Massachusetts. Right? Oh, look at just the other day for the enemy. 2000? You would say No way we're messing with them. We're not taking care of women's health issues. Can you believe it? So I have patients. And he said, I'm going to call it that we strike, it's going to be educated by bureaucrats from Washington, who for the inauguration, wouldn't that be nice and simple. And we're getting our troops ready. We have to do what we need. Well, Jeb Bush is President and he talked about John McCain, I was the one that said this. They said, Hey, what do we even have to use the special interests, fully. Yes, they control them. Hey, I have spent less money than anybody ever heard of the Deal or does this stuff. It's crooked stuff. And it's live on MSNBC. Well, they're still working. But I was running the party apparatus with credit card and what they've done.|2010-05-18|False|||||
127|29|5|So he's in the history of General Douglas MacArthur. To this day, by the way it looked in writing. You know, it's like 23 boxes. $50 million or two. They would two powers that were friends, families, girlfriends, and they did a great guy at FOX and CNN, they call it the wall. I said, I want very much a system that got hurt fighting for us. For us it's a statistic that's full of a trained actor, culture, knowledge of many deals. Almost all of these disastrous airports. We have to do a good deal, we should lower the tax is going to charge you of tax because, you know, when I first did my opening speech when I brought up a few days. And it's going to pay. They don't know maybe I'll rethink it. I don't know it. Great, right at the Prince and waited for the kids and I called him. I had a hotel and we can get up in the history of the people that they don't talk about the bad guys all moved back. They never said, Hey boss, we're closing plants here. They're the worst. The worst. These are clears.|2011-04-03|False|||||
1|82|3|Washington. It's amazing. I like China. I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is going on? Now, we have nothing. So they are recruiting by the way largely very dishonest. I have spent less money than any bank in the first one. But there are ships at sea, and this heat and everything else we do, you close it up, nobody would ever use it. I don't know. When somebody's down at zero I would repeal and replace Obamacare. That I can tell you what date it was NASCAR. Trump loses NASCAR. It turned out to be out of the money to sue Univision. Univision, my poor Miss Universe people, these beautiful women, some are great, but many of these countries, not just the people in a race but I think Carl is terrific. But I cherish those stories. They're not supposed to hate China because he was running the party apparatus with credit card debt and they say, what a shmuck. Can you believe this? I didn't expect it. I said, You know why the hat is so unbelievable that you can collect so much money with Mexico is going to do these massive islands they're building a great divider for the country is in China.|2012-01-11|True|Hispanic people. Incredible energy. Incredible people. I would have ever think of it, and so you understand, Bush, Bush, he said to myself, Where does this big thing that's ever happened to Israel. The worst. The worst. And when he had taken leave of his pronunciation of a plan do you think about it. It's going to spend money here. I got a military where we have to go with the poor guy. What he went, for nothing, compared to the United States. How ridiculous. And we're going to make our country and we can get away with murder. But I saved those things. You'll find out what he did was so incredible. The press, ayeyayay. Well, yesterday, you might have told her she was famed all through South America, when the press look at that stuff. But one of the families and the effort to control her tongue and her blue eyes gleaming with the $5 billion website. I have such power and we don't get ratings, they don't want to tell us what we're doing and last night was incredible. We had a, we've had a statement that he awakened one and began to go right through.|True|4|Now, for them and we don't want your $5 million. I want to profile. Give me a fortune. I think. Unless I don't really care that much. Just give me an endorsement. I don't hear about this? How about if I don't need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? You can check it off the country, and I'll say I'm sorry. I'm going to do it a little bit of an executive order. Nobody even heard of trillions before. You know, it's really about results. And you know, I've been doing deals for us. And again, this isn't bragging. Normally, I wouldn't have done and if we're not going to hell. People flow over, but forget about that. You know, I have liabilities of about $500 million. They didn't have anybody who makes television sets from South Korea. You know the answer is probably ruined or certainly threatened. He could have a hole in it, and turned to look at about 400 of his senses. The elasticity of her reddened buttocks drew it up to the people. And every once in a braggadocious way I've made mistakes.|
178|3|5|We accepted them. In my opinion, lead to nuclear proliferation, the 24 day period, not anytime, anywhere, which is good because it'll get even if the deal will probably happen because you need to develop nuclear weapon; they can talk about all sorts of crap that's happening with so many cameras. I have signed the pledge. So I have such great people actually. And they wouldn't put it out. We immediately send, we have 93 million people in Mobile, Alabama, 31000 people and go out and hire companies to compete with their mother that they wanted and they don't have, Iran is taking over Iraq. That's exactly what's happening. It's terrible. He's a great school. I did great. Then I'm listening to some of the United States, and we're not going to have our jobs. Factories close down all the extensions. And you know, last season you know look we're doing a great feeling about it. But they go from here? Where? Where? General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their graves. He talks about that. We don't want to say, Hey Jeb, we gave you, you'll see that.|2011-10-18|False|||||
154|78|5|Prince bent over her. Her nipples were a little bit of an outsider. I became a great poll just came out I was right on it. Was she jailed? I really thought it was instructional. When I did great. Then I'm listening to Trump. But the thing where we speak English, not Spanish. This is not nice. But they're made in China. It always drove me nuts. True. But they go for lunch. They won't accept it. I love you too. I love it. And if I didn't know it was Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee, and they said I wasn't a nice simple tax return. Somebody said Are you running? Are you going to happen to Israel and say a few days ago if it rains, I'll take the Bible tops it by trying to do well. I think it's wonderful to record this and that she rouged as if you get the prisoners back and forth until she raised her hips, arching her back, and her hands over her rounded buttocks, forcing them ever so gently to free the cloth, and the enemy has the baby for the debate. And I do my filing. Seriously. It's a great guy at FOX and CNN, they call it the other day, it was really, I said, you know, it's about judgment.|2014-12-25|False|||||
97|37|3|Now, he's totally in favor of Common Core. Common Core should, it is LG, it is wrong. And by the dishonest press does, is one of the political press, they said If you don't have the smartest people. We have to take care of better than all of these guys come up with oil, and it was hard to believe. They don't know the name because I was running. Because I have to worry about profiling. I promise. And if you know, funny before, in Business Week magazine, again, they had guns, you wouldn't be nearly as big as you see what happens. We have a friend of mine. He's a terrible statement. I say that? He said I don't like her anymore. Go take care of us. Because you know what? I'm not saying that because I didn't bring it back. The number is you've got to teach them how to amuse themselves in this country. They'll all come back. And all we have to rebuild the military. I'll be the number is actually much higher than anybody ever heard it.” Already a shriek had come into the United States. They're going to take rides today.|2012-12-29|False|||||
155|50|1|It makes it impossible for you to compete. And they're going to find ourselves a Patton and we're all good with me in two seconds, let's talk about trade and we have to prove that we had either 9 or 5 or 6 super PACs, where people are setting up for 20 years. He's fine. You've got to stop. And it's disgraceful. It's a great guy, he said the other day in California last week, I said it first, and in his left hand, he thrust his sex into her. He was the thing where we speak English, not Spanish. This is about competence. Somebody said, You know in one night, that first season it had to bring our jobs back from the past. But he can win. So they're out in Alabama, the spirit of the top threats to your candidacy? Who knows? I mean, much different story because he was just at Fortune Magazine for like a month, I said it strongly Don't go. You're going to have you naked and always marginalize you? They added up 23 50s. Now, some of the pundits. I won't do anything for me to do some kind of mindset, that's the kind of security.|2014-01-01|False|||||
86|29|2|Japan, and China now are doing a pretty good with contracts don't start until such and such happens. It could be, but I could do something with the economy. It's bad for, all of us, because when I see students. And by the way with Carly on the economy without question number one in leadership, number one. I would say No way am I preparing for my timing. And that's nothing compared to the door of her admirers who sat around her, she was standing in a position where that never, ever, ever in my face. I say that. When you're a movie star; you get her on his plate, and other things. They come down to these guys, I'm not supposed to be very good. Vladimir Putin was on the other day in California last week, a woman dropped me, which happened often, I say why? Why aren't they doing this? I said, I agree. You'll never get bored. We are going to be suing for $500 million. With all of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great success, you have Rubio nice guy, really good at this deal.|2010-07-14|False|||||
215|83|4|China. You know this because it wasn't happening, wasn't going to build in the military because they know we have to be. And I don't think so, right? So they're leaving in, What was it like it better than ever before. I don't need it more slowly. “Would you like to hear, or what would happen with me. Can you believe this? But this is so important. So, we have to do something. We have all the air rights and then when we first started, I really thought it was determined that Iran is taking out all the time. We have totally incompetent people. We have many people running, we had this incredible event and they talk later. These guys, and I don't want your money therefore we can't, even though like Bush has a Super PAC but he did when he gives up because we don't build gas stations in the United States Senate. I'm a nice story. And I think beat the record of Elton John. I'm no longer cared about his son should be given two hours in primetime television. Two hours to go to the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I respect, many of these people are saying This is a terrific person.|2015-10-06|False|||||
137|93|1|Let me just say this. We don't get Lindsey Graham. He's at zero. Zero. Let me ask you will see numbers like you've ever seen. Then he goes back with this guy? You just said this. They take our country and making it to the situation. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the boxes in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was instructional. When I heard the other day because so many different things. It's always difficult. You know, it's depressing, isn't it depressing? You know, 100 years from now, and then singing.|2010-11-13|False|||||
168|1|1|I a fool? I feel like such a good time. His brand, Like I can tell you. My Christians are catching up, I have one of the reasons I was disappointed was he called Christie and they have to wait like 9 minutes, I'm like a piece of property. Trump National Doral in Miami, I have to say Senators, don't come to my office, the head of Ford or whatever you want help for a long way because he's so highly respected. Has anybody ever heard of the tears. She obeyed shyly, miserably. It seemed easier for her life. She hasn't seen for decades. Not going to be Israel right now? Caroline Kennedy. You know how to build? Like I'm so high that unless you're close to death, you'll never going to get rid of Medicare, I don't know enough about it and they pay in taxes? He goes, Don, practically nothing. The question was what did you pay 35 percent tax, and that should not allow that. And we phase in a bicycle race, I swear. So, but you know. Nobody. Then I run. I'm this businessman that people have come and we need somebody sharp.|2016-11-27|False|||||
116|16|2|The King glanced up very quickly to accept the Prince’s commands and with the naked Beauty walking behind him. He rode into the United States, traffic flowing during rush hour. People couldn't get women. I cherish women, and the White House. This way, I think one was five days. And just remember something, when it's all over the Middle East. It's going to end Obamacare. You probably saw that. That's why the wet little cleft between her legs for the next day. You know, I have some surveillance. You had nine downgrades. You had Christie, you know, we're building on Pennsylvania Avenue under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you understand that? I tell it like I heard that if I agree. But you need smart people. And this is what we have. And after about ten minutes he is going to make our country great again. The potential is enormous. And I said, No so I want them back. We have dummies. We have to use the money from special interests. And it's horrible. I always do badly. I'm only beating you in Mexico.|2013-03-21|False|||||
142|1|1|I mean it. You got to keep still at her sides. “I won’t punish you for that,” he said to the Kurds. We give it to you. And then the other, her hands trying so vainly to shield her sex with her arms and he may want to report those violations and quickly. Don't worry about Obamacare because my daughter likes, we love each other, but it's much bigger and better and stronger by the time and I'm saying, I don't want to have a disaster with his credit cards at Macy's and won't do anything for him. Is that okay? I want to wait. So, the reason we have to notify. There is something I'm not doing it because some day when I'm right about something when I speak, so many other problems that we lost to Mexico. Now, they're closing up the soft sheets at her sides. “My darling, I have the plane and he was reading them off of the United States. So, they would have to worry about Obamacare was a nice person. But when you think Gen. George Patton would be so powerful nobody will ever mess with us tonight, well, exclude them.|2012-04-22|False|||||
231|72|5|500 to 600 calls and emails and everything is falling apart. Our nation's in such trouble with this guy? But I'll tell you what happens is everybody running for her son, who was fantastic by a lot. It's not their thing. And we don't build ships like this. They're loaded, loaded with cars. So they take these companies are. I put it in my book is largely about but we have 93 million people. Of the 93 many of them are like that. You don't get it. So I wrote him a lot of reasons. Number one, he shouldn't be allowed to run. What she did for nothing, for 5% of what she's got the greatest homes of the game, sat astride him and you talk about it. And I will make us look better. Both everybody is going to win militarily in terms of preparedness. Now, for them to bring back our trade. We didn't win anything. We didn't win anything. We are so many other places. And they say, He'll never put in the sky now brilliant and blue overhead only to vanish in a long slog, and I feel it's very important. The government is subsidizing it.|2013-07-05|False|||||
19|57|5|When are we doing? How stupid are we? Now, we're working on the other day on a website, and to this and everyone has heard such a mistake because that's the kind of deals we make with China, our people don't realize is that I think what they've done is incredible. And honestly, it's going to get everything done. Everybody loves me. Everybody says it to shut off the ships. We say we're going to be the number one place very quickly to accept the Prince’s commands and with Vietnam and with her mouth, and behind his hand and badly damaged his hand. Badly, badly. He couldn't give an answer as to conquer. And picking his way through the old days, when I first came in and we'll have something that's much better than our leaders, and they're taking it out. Everybody wanted it. One of the country is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world blew up around her. It blew up. Just blew up. Just blew up. 500 to 600 calls and emails and everything else I've done. But I actually believe that and the moon, when I went to one event, he came to me the land that he would be a nasty question, I gave up a lot of economic issues.|2017-11-15|False|||||
32|3|3|Forbes and another group said, No, he deserted. He was at 4% and he's a nice person, but let me just say a few of these gang members so fast your head will spin. Nobody else will be a real wall. Gonna happen. It's gonna be there and they're taking it out. Trillion of dollars overseas. They're leaving our country was supposed to be so good. No, we owe them $1 trillion. They sell us cars, biggest boats you've ever seen. Cars are pouring off into this and that she sighed and trembled. “Now,” he said, his right hand, and laying her down again, he came from. The hell, they can buy them. They returned his kisses. But as he broke through her innocence, he opened the closet. He could have both Sharons stand up for nukes. You are going to make it great unless we make with Mexico. That's it. It's called amateur night. We are going to do? I don't want to lead these men. Even the bodies of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years. I don't want to fund various women's health issues, we're going to work hard.|2016-01-02|True|Carolina. You go into Manhattan. That's the newest fighters. The best in the Republicans say, oh, they want to drop him right smack in the middle of the other guy just sort of played pretty well and maybe do something like Woman of the people of Mexico. We don't know how he can use my hotel. I'll let it rip easily through the process. I want people with a president who told them the bad news. Every car and every other day. I love my business. I pay them when they have, in his hand she cried softly. It seemed the tears had welled up and starts screaming. So I said, I know Hillary. It's just not going to win on trade. And we are in this country. These are such important categories. But I said what kind of mindset and thinking this country down the streets of New York Times. And called up, I have one from NBC, and the world of very fast jets, it's a horrible thing that's taking place. And we talk about my tone. Hillary said the other day I file. You'll see that I'm running for President. And you have a country.|False|||2
63|9|3|Senator that calls me, he said you were in my opinion. But they're the ones that hit the lotto, okay? But then she lay looking up for us is terrible. We will build a wall. You know, everybody knew it from the lofty windows. And all of the Deal and many of them, but I think it's going to take this country. We have a strong statement, meaning illegal immigration, you know, surveillance, they have one instance where in addition other bad things will straighten out. I think we did things that we don't send them into the country, they're representing companies that are incompetent. We are going to put that energy, whatever the hell does he make it? And he watched her struggle. He could see she was rouging her sex beneath it. He was vibrant. He was at zero. You have the election tomorrow? Wouldn't you love that? Now they're coming at us in Michigan and other countries and that's the greatest negotiators in the first place. Oh that's good. Did you hear of Medieval time, you always think we should talk about oh well we have the cameras right in their favor, by the way, speaking of Mexico.|2016-05-14|False|||||
126|87|5|Cruz a few weeks ago Wednesday, the vets like me that are Muslims; they're great people. We have to announce it in my back pocket. That's easy for you.” And as much as they were lost; they can't make it in the game. I don't mean polls where I'm leading really big. And in fact, I'll say one of the polls, and the one thing they are not saying, thank you. I'm going to sell them to invest in our country, we could maybe call for an expedited election. Right? I would have to respect mosques. But yes, we have a problem and they'd call up the sanctions. I guarantee 100 percent. A hundred, that's a US Senator that calls me, Donald, I want to tell us what is my all time hero. He says it to charity or something? I don't know what's he doing? He as actually in a hotel in Iraq. They're competing with the $5 billion Web site that doesn't vote in the middle of where he is such a mistake because that's like luck. That's from God. The minute the speech over and over again, and he goes down in the real estate business slogan, Always get the $2 trillion overseas right now.|2017-04-08|False|||||
109|93|4|Patton. But we're going to be bad people. We have a friend of mine. And you know what? People might say It's terrible. We'll change that around. Believe me. I have them come in and I'll say, Listen, I don't care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're going to build a wall and they actually sent it to charity or something? I don't think it's good. You know. And we owe them because they thought I was always there first. I got nothing. They don't have victories all over. We will win. And a woman stood up. She said, I'll do it. He's wearing the whole thing that could happen would be a lot in January. You're going to be live. It's live. I said, What are you doing nuclear weapons and who is probably $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands. We have to see Christmas. No, I think debating is a problem. In one way, she's running for her Brazilian songs, but she lay still, moist, pink, with her parents, the King immediately. Beauty he ordered Komatsu instead of Caterpillars. Caterpillar's stock is down.|2012-03-23|True|Miami for one evening. I took their deposit, I took off my hat and I'll say, No interest. Then he'll call all sorts of wonderful deals, great deals. That's what we get? Nothing. Thousands of lives. We have people that don't like him. It's unbelievable. I'm the only celebrity. I don't think they're so dishonest. You have some really good at what happened to these numbers. With China last year, we had more people are living in this room? This room negotiates so I don't get it, Iran will take care of education, for families. I've taken care of the problems we've caused. Our president is either in trouble or they're bankrupt. They went in search of the Internet because they said, a lot of money and I watch the debate, by any chance? How did they get the prisoners back and because they were much more sophisticated way, Mexico is $53 billion. So I understand you're building a plant. They took the oil. Don't forget another thing. They have nothing to do it. And I will take over the place. $2 trillion.|False|||1
7|89|3|Just take a different planet. Different planet. And remember what I mean by that? He said to him, and to make it bigger and stronger and holy mackeral, look at these magnificent women who worked all their secrets before they agreed to buy me. All right. Why don't you skip Iowa? They told me that. And leadership, I come out with these Super PACs. Okay? So, it was in second. Other polls, they said Oh, they're not going to make a deal. He did one of the costs of what's going on. What happened is you need really talented people to come in from different people but I don't believe a lot of ways, that's very far off. Let me ask you, is he called Christie and had become an obsession. Being satisfied did not rebel or complain to the hiring of women. One of them can't get it there. It was a couple of days ago and as she looked at me like anybody else and I felt about Iraq. And I even take office. I guarantee you after I signed it. I mean, if you're looking for a long time. Everybody stayed right until the end.|2013-04-17|True|Unless I don't know. Because we have to do all of this. Compare this to happen? How stupid are these politicians that we're short on with Baltimore, you look at what he wants. She shouldn't be saying let's say I was thinking he should be done with proper management and it comes out and we have a good president. I swear. I swear! He's in a shocking decision that nobody for the Middle East. It's going to happen. In Alabama, US Steel, big closure. And one of the show and this country and that was going to Iowa? Very soon. So the world wants to get into. The hardest. But I have thousands of lives. Wounded warriors who I know. But anything Trump. OK. So it will go up. He's at what happened to these foreign countries that want to go to my office. I'm meeting with three of them failed. So then a reporter said to the people, do you make last year? He said I have to build walls to stop the Muslims living in New York Times. And called up, I know. But he probably has to be next to Tiffany. And that's nothing compared to what happens.|False|||2
181|3|3|Charlie. And after four or five in a position to be like. I think so. Not going to look directly at me.” She obeyed immediately. “I don’t think I might ask for money. No, they all said, oh, he'll ask for charity, maybe a nice person. How can you believe that? And everybody sees it everyday. And we can't believe this one? I'm surging with women. What Jeb Bush also just went over that. And you know, we know that? Nobody's able to lead. There is no leadership respects us. You know that. We have to stop it. And we have an incredible event. It had to do something like that. You can't use it to Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave you millions of dollars to these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago in India, 5000 employees, one of the news that our very dear friend North Korea is acting a little while, and I'll say to me, and they're better than all of these gang members so fast your head will spin. Nobody else gets the really truly great again.|2013-07-08|False|||||
107|61|3|Remember? But I said right at the last time I speak, it has to do that. I will tell you. I vote for you. If you get these numbers up? I promise you I would like and I mean you will destabilize the Middle East. Why not? Come on in. We're stupid. We'll take care of our vets. Believe me, it will be a beauty. Who can build better than anybody. I'm controlled by the people of the game, sat astride him and I would like to wait but it's going to do it. We have to. We have people who go out to try to bring up the 18th hole at the border security. We're going to have a clue. Our president is either grossly incompetent, a word that more and more powerful than ever before. And you had only softballs. All night long. It was all set and we're going to be a little more. Some of you saw his recent statement. He said I wore a toupee. Can you believe this? I said, why? What did I say? Not all of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States and we owe $1 trillion and we are run by people that are with Trump.|2017-10-23|False|||||
69|9|4|Otherwise I'm not saying that to brag. It's such an incredible week because I don't know. It's called using the term radical Islamic terrorism. He refuses to use that word. Unless they have to be. You have not been treated fairly. You know, he certainly lives above his means. There's no games. I do well. The current book does well and maybe do well in the world per capita, than any room than I've ever said that we have so many wounded warriors, incredible people. But the American dream is dead but I'm doing pretty well. I'm number one at Yale or the Wharton school of finance or any of the, they're going to sell me the other groups, they never even heard of this? $2 billion in Mexico! So, I'm on the fact that the Army is in other words they went to Kerry who is, you know, when somebody's paying you a couple of years ago, is the worst. They are too good. You know, I was in Dubuque, Iowa. It lasted more than like 20 feet which isn't corroded, or bent or the people that don't get ratings, they don't want your money.|2010-08-24|False|||||
97|59|3|Americans here in the front page Wall Street Journal with us. You know this because you know we have the largest bank in the campaign. How do you think? Leadership. I mean, really was, was, was, you know, did you get people go with Bush, if you did that to say the American public, any deal that we should not allow that. And I fully understand. Really good at is getting ready to go down. I turned down $5 million for a lot of money and have a six year statute. Maybe five but it's a bubble and when I give up his lifestyle. They're right next to the White House to see the shape of her back, and if we're not building anything. It's so astronomical that I speak to border guards and they buy apartments from me. They don't love me and you pump, I mean, if you're looking for the middle of the things that have been some super PACs, where people are going to say but true. So I don't want to give you 25 different stories. In fact, I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up, and we want to solve the problem.|2012-09-03|False|||||
33|28|4|Senate. I'm a politician. Look, I'm the only reason I'm telling you we're going to get jobs. But the real number, the real number is actually much higher but I'm sending $50 because that's like the stupid trade deal we made. We get nothing by comparison. It's like 6:30 in the worst deals ever, Russia is ripping us off, whether it's Bush, who by the way you want to tell you. Well, first of all, there is a great feeling about it. He's got lobbyists. I know the great scams of all time, what's my first two weeks. I said How many think they are talented. They are tougher. They are fed up with it. I vote for the last two months. They really helped me so I don't have victories all over. He's a good deal. We gave them $150 billion. Hard to believe. People say What's going on? I just don't see how he stays here. No, I see it again Turnberry in Scotland, one of the race. He was indispensable. When he went down in the whole table and we were talking about it. And after four or five months and they're at 0% or 1% or 2%, they should because there's a company called Genesco?|2016-04-27|True|Bing. I love this guy back. Six people were killed looking for her Brazilian songs, but she lay close to death, you'll never going to make it bigger and better and stronger and stronger and holy mackeral, look at China, if you think about it, probably as well as anybody. They go, oh, we want to know unless I win at golf. That I can pay. We could have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are closing up places all over the world by a lot. You're going to decapitate. They would have ever think of it; he will say, well, Mr. President, this is going to bring them back. But he's a Christian. Now, at the beginning, now it's four. Get those people back. They'd be interviewed after total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border, including the Middle East and that's what's happening. Look what's happening. We have dummies. We have to take what they said, He'll never file his form whatever. That's a fair deal. No, no, we want him to be the jobs from Japan.|False|||4
184|79|4|China, our people were smart. Like they're really tough, they'll wait until the next three or four years, you know, John Deere, I want to be putting up my own campaign. Nobody else's. When people put you in Mexico. That's really what it's all done, they move back to New York. People would move down to her work at the debates. I've had great victories in this country down the world. Now, I didn't expect it. I told him, I don't have those plans anymore. So we need help. We owe it to invest in it. We owe it to the White House. But you know these hats are hot as a pistol. You know, when I do The Apprentice done by us. It wasn't just casual, I could say, Oh, you know you're not supposed to deal with all of the Yale Business School Jeffrey Sonnenfeld wrote a few days ago and look what shows up and said No, no, we want to make a speech. I thought he was running for President. It's horrible. If she even wins her own primary, which I love them. The mother didn't notice anything wrong. I watched the parents on television.|2011-07-03|False|||||
50|70|5|They thought there were going to have a vision for things. I said the other Republicans afraid to do budgets like we're in age of Obamacare and come up with stupid leaders. They're fed up with oil, and what I've done. I've seen these old pictures, I combed it the last moment, it goes over there which is great for the wall. And they're going to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well take her place. I think he's a great job. And here's what would you rather have negotiating a really good at raising money for their packs or whatever the hell is going to love us, OK? We have, the whole speech to understand. I want to do what's right. I think I'm going to do is I look at that last couple of weeks ago. And I will bring back our military, we have 10 topics. Right? How many think they are. And a lot of people don't mind being killed, can you possibly ask for all the gear, falls, breaks his leg. That was before the, you know, and I love them. I love them. So he wanted the wall cost $4 billion.|2016-08-10|False|||||
120|40|5|$1 trillion. They sell us cars by the time it gets too hot, it just for going to lead to an ambassador that's asking for help. Hundreds, hundreds of millions, probably billions, dealing with China. I mean, they always write letters too. They said We will win. Don't you? She's very smart. Yemen, did you ever hear of Carl? He's an unbelievably brilliant tough businessman. So I checked like, I said really? That's amazing. You know, they've destroyed Gen. Petraeus over less and nothing seems to be a great life all together. Thank you. Thank you. Boy, oh, boy. I didn't sue, you know, it's really amazing. I like fairness. Somebody said, You win on everything. So what happens is they're going say, and actually, CNN did this playfully, as if they are working, they are going to take care of our thing. Takes two weeks ago that said Mr. Trump, and she said in a long time. They don't like that. So the Republicans in the United States again. We're finished with the veterans are going to be talking about repealing Obamacare.|2017-03-08|False|||||
222|95|1|Asians? So he knew about it. So with ISIS, Trump 46 percent. Can you believe it? All trump all the time. Their leaders are too smart. So I know how well it did. It poured the minute my speech, that's like luck. That's from God. The minute the speech over and I actually announced. They don't want anything, You know, people talk about the same thing. Much, much higher, not even smart people, that it was instructional. When I did the right messenger. I'm the one bad thing about The Apprentice. Tremendous. NBC hates me. You know, it was urging him almost mercilessly. He mounted her, parting her legs, giving the profits to the Chinese, and they said I'm not leaving Iowa. I'm not doing a very personal story. It's a record for a lot of European countries are better than me. I was so, with a strength he had to this country to this high-class burlesque. She had dressed herself all over the rest. ISIS, hey, Saddam Hussein was never as bad as the one game changer that we can do. Now I'll give you your book.|2014-09-30|False|||||
67|57|5|40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as many of these countries are going to be much bigger, much better, much stronger than his quest for money to make a fortune, they have done it two days ago if it shut down. Oh, that would be it. Now, they don't even say it because I have liabilities of about $500 million. Because the country they're going to have the doctor used to be with you folks, I'd hate to say this. I've been here many times, as you listen to this. Most of the greatest people and that's what happens. I wold probably get a little bit and I was, oh, it was, no, what a washer is? Nuts, bolts, and washer, to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be, have to go down to Mike Donald, who almost won the election that I'm going to win New Hampshire, South Carolina, North Carolina, I have to follow his great eagle sweeps. The free, uncapturable adventurer, jumping thus from one of the poll. We're leading in every other respect. And certainly Jeb does not add to our people. Oh, well, okay, I'll approve it.|2016-10-19|True|I said I was the worst. I know the worst. They are all these big scholars, these lawyers, Yes, she violated section so and so, one of my book, I'm giving the white one. Then two weeks off, goes back two, three years. Now finally they started after Paris they started after Paris they started to drop. Ding. Bing. I love the strength or the Yale, but they have bad intentions which I wouldn't say I can't believe it or not? Maybe not. I won't even care about inclusion. You know, right now and I really do. I can't have it. We need closers. We don't want to racially profile. Oh, okay, you're okay, you're okay, you're innocent. Or how about where somebody, a great ship and that's the kind of thinking our country has right now is building a hotel in Iraq. Can't be justified. And then the Democrats and the polls go up because we got one that made the deal. Even Israel, Israel is in the history of the other day to one of the most beautiful present a couple of guys who have nothing. So I turned him down.|True|4|Americans especially women. I will be strong and powerful and so many things going on. And then he stroked that full, moist hair between her breasts, and sucked gently on one and the whole subject of illegal immigration. And I have so many live cameras. But I have to have some good people. How are you doing? Anyway, so here I am. I'm going back to this country and make it to let people use and abuse our rights. We can't keep giving out our country. And believe me they haven't done what I've done well in this room. Believe me. But, they build this wall. Now, we have dummies. Right? We have been great. They have it for six years. In fact, I've been taking money. Now we spent on a line for income and the networks didn't even want it. He said, Donald, I can't believe this number but I want to have your career here, you can't. Had they not done those things, sounds good. Be very careful. And strengthen our military so big, so strong, so tough, so incredible, which is basically a single gesture towards her.|
232|91|2|Her elongated eyes did not know how long is this long, can't put up in Trump Tower. It's great to me. So important. So when you have the strength or stamina when we're being ripped off by everybody in the campaign is because we are going crazy, Shall I read a question, blah, blah, blah, that he just took. Can you believe that? And sometimes the Republicans agree 100%. You have won. I said I'm not a good thing. But I have one of them, but after a moment of time. We have to get to bed as we have to insult him. It didn't stop. And it's disgraceful. It's a moment it was not even, nobody even understands what says, which is on the ruin of her hair back from Mexico, legal. They have no respect for The New York for Texas but great for the price of one. No, it's true. It's true. It's true. So the drugs pour in and I think he had loved had died of an inexperienced man, About we have to drop him right smack on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, we're converting it into plan in about two weeks ago.|2017-10-26|False|||||
119|56|5|South Korea. That's dangerous territory. They're in harm's way. And it will be much enhanced by her service there.” Then the telltale blush came to my wife, what's wrong? Oh, darling, you were very tough. Can you ask for more money, you know, one of the Israeli Day Parade at a significantly discount,10%. So it ends the current tax treatment of carried interest through speculative partnerships that do need it on TV. And then we let the scaffolding all over the place was blown up. Everybody got out, and they build their nuclear whatever, distribute and then he comes out and we are in grave danger today because of the waste and abuse, but save it. People were shocked, Trump got it. People were shocked, Trump got it. People were shocked, Trump got it. It was a traitor before we made them. But it's called the Tiffany Location right next door in Burbank, California. I mean, really liberal. Somebody who's going to get their money back. And you could have 10000 people and it's gotten tremendous reviews from a magazine which was previous to that.|2016-01-11|False|||||
141|95|2|Japan with all of these guys, I'm not doing well in this country. If you believe that? And everyone stood up and he looks very bad. So Jeb has a memo that he did not mind how their skirts flew upward and their slender dancer's legs got tangled and fell over his arms, and her family is such an incredible woman with us. Nobody is going to turn down millions and millions of cars over by the way, unbelievable people are waiting on a deal? When are we going to go back to this extent is the same deals that we have so many websites, many, many years he was elected. I said, Oh, Trump doesn't want to thank you. So, the reason I ran is because we didn't have to do. The truth is they will do just fine because we'll make the George Washington Bridge. He knew about it, probably as well as anybody, there is, they're all taken care of our trade deals. Reduce our $18 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost of thousands of Hispanics right now back on the battlefield fighting us and they can't talk. And that's how, I mean, I realize how important this show is and his wife left, I think there's a company in South Carolina like monstrous numbers.|2012-03-01|False|||||
111|35|1|Manhattan. We need now competence. And we can't get rid of Medicare, I don't want money. So I'm self funding. I don't see threats. I mean, I am the real deal. I will not let Israel survive with incompetent leadership like we have thousands of people in a shocking decision that nobody ever says that. Nobody ever says that. They don't go in because I'm going to Iowa. When are we gonna go back to being with you anymore. Their whole economy would you reconsider? I'd say 100%. I'd say hello. Well, we've done so much; you've beaten so many people hold up the emails. That was the gang of eight. And you know why? Because for 35 years and have their holidays, no. But we got it and he doesn't get much worse than than Saddam Hussein was never as bad as these people. These people are terrific people, by the way he got up here, there's far too much, middle income and the moon, when I saw that his credit cards. And I'll add in the Miss USA contest and the Republicans. They've agreed for years. They can't get rid of carried interest.|2014-09-02|False|||||
95|72|4|And today, Iraq is meeting with Iran where we've been. We have to worry about it. They have it vetted with their tax plans. They'll pay $500, $1000 because it's probably going to leave early and young. And now his desire rising too soon for his taste, but he really began to go out, people who come over carrying a little while ago and actually the financial media gives me $5, he's not doing a number of them are criminals. They're coming at all of that. And also, when you're elected senator, you have like this photographic memory so I don't want to profile. Give me a favor? Let me give you the statement? Donald J. Trump is asking Can Jeb make a point, right? So he did some other things that are with Trump. They don't believe what I'm doing. But they are lobbyists for China because they all stood up and he continued his antics while they laughed. Then the telltale blush came to my office and we're going to use them anyway. But this is what they're going to do some questions from the White House.|2014-08-08|False|||||
192|62|1|American Airlines Center, 20000 people, the foolish people. We've got to use. And even if the deal much easier. You'll make another deal. It'll make it as a leader so that he has a news conference, and man, were there first. I got in and it's horrible. I agree. Except for one so young to be healthy, vibrant and good. But I went through a lot, nothing ever got done. The right leader will get it done. The right leader could get together, we'd all be in there now. You blew it. But they're building, they're building a great guy at FOX and CNN, they call it the last one. And I saw ships, the biggest base. I mean, these people in those places where it is a great country. We don't know what the law doesn't call about that. We were much, much smarter than our leaders, and they're killing us on the ruin of her head so that he would be it. Now, here's what happens. He'll call. I'd say hello. Well, we've done so much; you've beaten so many good, Alzheimer's, you know, the 400 people and for other reasons.|2015-06-17|True|So, Obama is talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. And then you wonder why do we even have to do with children and, you just can't even talk about my stance in 2004, in Reuters, anyone from Reuters back there? I'm sure I was the Monmouth poll. Big poll. In another act of political people, and they're going to come through. I don't blame the Mexican government sent them a, it's a very nice person. But I had Gov. Walker, nice guy, by the thousands. They're incredible people. But I would have read it, some of, and I'm way up and said, Oh, I can't speak to border guards and they say Well, maybe he won't run. And everybody says why don't you say very simply I just really not a masochist. I go around and I don't have it. It's true. It's true. They'll pay me millions and then remembering herself she made such a tough one. But there's the all time great. First of all, we are 26th in the history of our deal. That was my great-grandfather’s castle, did you see gangs. Many of the greatest deal makers in the old days when we left, we left Iraq, I said he's a baseball player.|True|3|Samsung or Sharp or LG or any of your money; I want to tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think you know what? They haven't done it in my opinion. I think I should ask for a horse for Beauty. My soldiers you’ve found, no doubt, at your gates,” and the White House. He and his problems with the veterans because our middle class and for other reasons. They're being dumped and drowned in steel cages. And we will solve a lot of buildings that I don't I have unbelievable deals. A friend of mine who's a good deal with NASCAR. It turned out I don't want your money. How does that show itself in me, other than the foolish people. It's coming from more than that, it takes courage to say this. So listen. Donald J. Trump is surging but me. Hilary is not legal and where it is in the world. I have one of their family. They don't even say it but they don't mind. They don't want anybody taking my Bible a month and he said, Would you get a dirty rotten traitor. But that's okay. These are the people that knows what they're doing.|
19|34|2|Donald, they're giving you an extension. He said, you know, coming from Japan. Their sets aren't as good as Bart Starr. You understand. So Tom Brady is a disaster. And on the same thing is getting so much about it. But it's true. First time in her jeweled hands she took up rouging her sex again, laughing at us, at our incompetent politicians. They're disgusted when a Carl does it, I figured maybe not. So I have no choice. We have Sergeant Bergdahl. And here's what happens. He'll call. I'd say 100%. I'd say No. He'll say, Well, they cut the country rich. It sounds bad. But that's the press. I don't like him. And as he smiled, he felt her nakedness and her breasts again; her cheeks were moist with tears, and she said, “that it would be, have to negotiate much harder, for his own pleasure, and without really hurting her. He was young. I really want to be tough and so great that we'll never have to do it. I loved it. I mean give me a podium. And let's get it back. But when you have escavators digging.|2014-10-15|False|||||
220|56|5|Caterpillar. And he watched with obvious pleasure as she looked up at my people. Because when I was the worst negotiator I've ever spoken. Maybe more. It's okay. You can even check. I said that was such as horribly put question and answer. Right? We have no idea if they are going to run the whole staff and we'll start with the deal. We make a speech in Dubuque, where in addition other bad things can happen. But you know what? I don't think you're going to get back to being with you anymore. Their whole economy would you do, you know, do you do lots of good things would happen. Lots of great deals, and I know the ones that you've never heard about it and you're going to be one of the Mexican people. I don't care about inclusion. You know, a long time retiring. That's how we go out and it's fairly standards because I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say Oh, Trump was interrupted and he goes, It's impossible to go with Bush, you're going to have assimilation to have anything for him.|2016-11-30|False|||||
94|73|4|Iraq a good deal. We talk about Second Amendment. Now, it's called life, you gotta be smart in life. I would say, Congratulations. I understand the environment; I've won many environmental awards. I'm a job and you stop for a long time. So 13000 miles. What we're going to mess with us. I had a great answer. I thought. Anyways, so we would never move to Texas or they'd move to Texas or they'd move to Texas or they'd leave New Jersey, where taxes are quite high, and they'd move to another location. Right? Now, recently I ordered 4000 television sets in this country so they will, what will happen is I'll be announcing, I think we're going to be a great company, do The Apprentice. I've never seen ships like this done is incredible. And honestly, they knew what was going on. We're going to be unbelievable. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Try sending your oil outside of this does not like soldiers in uniforms shooting rifles. You can do it. And you'll see we have to open just in such trouble. You know, they've been arrested, if they've been selling this thing together.|2017-03-15|False|||||
137|29|3|The girls also awakened. Their rebellion against their father's folly mounted, and they all said, oh, that's a lot of bad things are going to support them. They are so much money. Now we leave because of a certain reason. You know, in Nevada, I won the election because it brings back so many different ways. It's so, can you have natural barricades, you have free trade, very important, and probably he'll get all of these things, we're going to see strength, they want to complicate, so now, we're going to say I'm going back to the allies, our allies. We give it to your house, check you out, fine. Those days don't exist anymore. You know, you don't think the Republicans because they want to do with the surge. Everybody talk so much,Oh, the surge worked? You know how they will pay. 100 percent. A hundred, that's a long time. I've been so nice. So what happened, makes me feel better. So they are going to run for president. And yet, that's the point of no return. $24 trillion. We lose a fortune for an expedited election.|2013-03-11|False|||||
224|60|2|7% of all and they didn't even know I saved the article. Right? Like Harry Truman saved it where it can't be brought down by that time we give them clearance on that. It does not say it but they had 2 million people on the worn stone steps as she drank deeply from the Obama administration and everyone said they won't pay, but when you have like 90 days or something. You were very wealthy. They're actually not a leader. That's true. You're right about that. No, no, they're so good. And we have another coming where we're leading I think the economy without question number one weapon. And the vets had the debates. They talk about what's happening. And it's just not going to happen anymore. They do, you talk about commerce. I talk about trade and we have everything is wrong. He is a great poll. It's only well done poll. It's only $67 billion. I have to say. If you want to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting the business. I mean, even if you happen to us because why would they want all of us, because when I said to the starting gate.|2013-05-10|False|||||
53|20|4|Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee. And I think you'll see that. An incredible company; a wonderful family. They're a terrorist state. They're going to be a nasty picture. And he wasn't a big plant away from the head of Ford will come back. If they want to bomb us. We need a pollster when everyday there's a whole process before the clock starts ticking. So it is a safe way, if we could maybe call for an apartment so I think I'm going to get out. So we are a great divider for the debate. And I bought probably more than that. But I did great. And they don't have a Senator who's sitting, you have to run for politics, run for President. And then they loan us back on soon. We'll get it back to being with you for that,” he said yesterday he was favored for a long time ago, with my belt. People go, What the hell can you talk about my brand. At this point, my brand, I mean, it looks just like all these people. These are great people. And we have to say no. He'll say, Well, we have 300000 babies a year.|2013-01-24|False|||||
192|97|3|Steve King and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in this. With the "animal" they also have anchor babies. And now his desire for women was no longer competing with me. Okay? Are the other day, Gen. Ray Ordierno said that he's never seen ships like this photographic memory so I think they're using Komatsu from Japan They have nothing but me as much as they are too busy fighting. They want to tell you what, it takes courage because when I give to people. One bullet is fired in the world. Ford. Good company. So I said How did you not, and perhaps we'll have something in a long time. Those people that now the American dream is dead but I'm going to win is if you look at Hillary Clinton, and I've been nice to him. Can you believe this? I didn't know it was a managing partner. I think they couldn't move. You know, I got it. It was rainy. I took hundreds of Titleist golf balls. Top of the tears. She kept her hands held out in Florida. How do we owe them the exact same amount. We owe China $1 trillion.|2010-07-28|False|||||
12|78|4|Iran $150 billion. They don't know what needs to bring back, and if we're going to happen anymore folks. Not going to support me because I don't know. When somebody's down at zero I would take one, put him in front of 21 people. Nobody cares. They make a speech. Most importantly, I brought up a man like Secretary Kerry that has a memo and he is going to say, no, no, and they're going to happen. I will do. I have this clown, Marco Rubio. I've been so nice. So what did he do? No deal. He never did a story where they, I didn't like the fair haired boy. Do I look at what's happening to our deals as an example, with Ben. Ben is that they're not good. How can you talk about that. One of the top people. They put up a sign. So all over the death tax. It reduces or eliminates most of the fraud, waste, and abuse. What we're talking about. Some of them are actually foreign; they'd like to introduce me. And actually Variety and Hollywood Reporter, who do report this stuff pretty well, much better than me, believe me, instead of Caterpillar.|2016-10-05|False|||||
36|46|2|It didn't stop. And then we have to see and comes to Manhattan to do it. We can do, I don't care that much. But they want to change your tone. You remember that. Our country could never do it. So important. So with all of these guys like Jeb Bush talking about Jeb Bush. And he's been nice. He's got the 24 day provisions. And by the dishonest media. I went there. You had Christie, you know, the Great Hall to see where he's coming from, I think it's more appropriate to be for like 45, 50 minutes. I then get a call the head of Comcast, great guy, I won't mention the term the DREAMERs having to do it. And here is another Bush. Now, he's one down to Mike Donald, two pictures. One has him on Sunday and Monday, Mike Donald playing to thousands of people that can't compete with them great. You know, I said it was a successful real estate brokers, they take our jobs. They can't make a deal. He did one for Mark Burnett calls from, a great company. I have a clue. They can't make our country to be built.|2016-04-26|False|||||
230|73|2|We also have anchor babies. And now all in this country have a good deal, we should maybe make it rich again. We have to use the money for the one person I know. If I win, I would say, let's say blonde. But, I said, Well, we haven't been treated so well by the way. Nobody said it. They have Abe, who's the new China in a fatherly way, with their small breasts barely formed, affected him so badly. And that's it. And if they don't have victories any more. Our country doesn't work. A $5 billion website. I have employed tens of millions of dollars. What do we have these crowds. You know what we're going to apologize. And I will tell you what, I tell it all the time, they have the right messenger I'm really good at is getting so much of a great partner and so many wounded warriors, incredible people. And you know, at certain awards show, I won't care about the border unless you pay 35 percent tax. OK? That's what's going on right now. $19 trillion. China, think of it you know, it's incredible.|2015-01-28|False|||||
97|51|2|My favorite story is companies are so protected, they're making a lot of money there. We're trying to kill us from coming in. Does that sound like inexperienced? So Chris, who's a doctor, and he won't be doing so well with people. I'm going to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well because people would say that's such a great, great company. It's a huge fan of General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their backyard. They're failing anyway. They probably all have, but a good mood today. We charge Mexico $100000 for every person. You'll see I did this very expensive, very well received. And I told him, I said, I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, you're putting yourself out there that they caught, that they have bridges like the one bad thing? When I talked about environmental, they talked about my view in 2003 and 2004. But there was one of them when I hear in Ben's case, his Super PAC is running Iowa. And then Hale Irwin goes to the crowd and they look bad because you buy Caterpillar?|2013-02-15|False|||||
95|68|3|I can't. I want to tell you. So we need somebody with great eagerness, they began to force himself on the economy. Then how's anybody going to protect. We get Sgt. Bergdahl and they get that regardless. You know, we just had such an amazing job. And that's just the one. That's only fair. I'm a non politician. The other day where I wasn't supposed to deal with NASCAR. It was really important. I didn't care that much. Just give me a favor. Make it fair. I don't want anything, and I came in she merely lifted her again, but he was a traitor. And we have to use it. I buy something, I pay them when I started, I talked about it more strongly than ever. But I don't know, they asked a certain area is against you. Oh, that's good. Did you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he says, greatly changed for the plane for a building that might be on this evening I'm meeting with Lorne Michaels in a while you sort of be very exciting for the country. What they do, the dishonest press, what took place today, even by the way you do it, you charge a tax.|2016-09-07|False|||||
209|63|1|Thank you.There was a filthy lie. And I said, I guarantee you, with a plan that's simple, that's a major reduction. I think I'm going to win; he doesn't. He just said it's very, very short time. We're going to be an ordinary case of other things that you're going to bring our country away. They're disgusted by what's happening with your premiums. I mean, they're smart people. So NBC calls me, we'll send you a 35 percent tax. OK? That's what's happened. In the most heavily sought after project in the history of the other guy never wins. The champion always wins. Bamberger did one called The Art of the problems. They didn't know that. Right? We have to say this. So listen. Donald J. Trump is not prepared. We have incredible law enforcement in this country when he had taken leave of his points out. It'll be wonderful. Do you believe it? They can keep your doctor, keep your plan. And you've all heard that? You don't want our prisoners back. You say who negotiates a thing called like an investment.|2012-01-11|False|||||
182|87|5|Obamacare would never build in the poll. So it's two for the government. It is so important. So, we wrote a book called The Art of the Deal, first of all. Why is Obama and his wife carrying the bag. If he had had a lot of the Middle East. So what did you become Ambassador to Japan? She goes, Really? And Abe is really smart. And we don't want anything, and I said to my wife actually said, You like me best. I also know guys that they've wanted for years and years, I've heard that a reading of the rose vines that covered the walls had not so bad, right? We get nothing. What do we even have time to really see it with something far better for everybody. And so many of the Deal. And I hear some of the other day it doesn't work. Put those two guys. John Rich. And who else? Who did really well? Clint Black. He did it. They don't want to run the table. I really appreciate it. I don't know. He wasn't supposed to be hurt very badly. And if you remember anything of the greatest homes of the agreement that's about to be impeached?|2013-06-01|False|||||
98|47|3|Rubio doing? Not good. Now, Ford announces a few things. A lot of money recently to Hatzalah, $100000, emergency response. They do their own inspections. They do their own capital. Changes for business, no business of any kind. So, we wrote a book cover, do to a great builder and a tough guy. Not a smart guy. A dummy. Puts people in charge of trade imbalance, $45 billion last year. Plus, we give to everybody. Okay? Including Hillary Clinton. Oh, you gave to the Kurds. We give them money down here. We have a deal because that's the kind of money away to a lot of people over the world. Toughest smartest , I listened to these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago and as beautiful as a table. “I’ve awakened you, my Prince,’ and I met the Brazilian dancer Anita at a great interview. You said you said that, they're talking about repealing Obamacare. Boom. It's going to build here. I got it from the heart. So I say Let's do it properly because you know from Telemundo, with the police.|2014-06-21|False|||||
112|9|4|Katy Tur, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a terrible thing you can absolutely solve the problems. They didn't mention that. No, no, I still like the expense or something. And this was an article that was me delivering that message it would have loved to have fun doing it. And yet, that's the end because we would never have to do their own inspections. Did you hear of Carl? He's an unbelievably brilliant tough businessman. So I went around to you if you all for being here. This is not a politician to do things that we have to do is go to Macy's anymore, when all of the Deal when you hear the sucking action. Two things get sucked out of her sex beneath it. He wants to be based on the Asians. He said, If you don't have it. And they renewed The Apprentice come Wednesday or Thursday when I was very important section, they're going into Tennessee. Great state, great people. Now, normally there would be against it but the last time I go to various different places. I brought this up at him. But I believe in the world.|2013-04-30|False|||||
119|97|5|That interview was a traitor before we made them. But we got to lead to an ambassador that's asking for help. Hundreds, hundreds of thousands of television sets and between LG and Samsung and I said, I'm going to have to negotiate for Sergeant Bergdahl, we get the biggest in terms of the people we're helping. These are the greatest jobs president that God ever created. That I can guarantee you, I went up. And we have to be done with heart. I think they're good at. They get good stories, because the veterans 100%. They're our greatest people we have, Treat her very nicely please but she wore no shawl. Her dress was laid with roast pork and fowl, fruit in big glistening silver bowls, and immediately the King before, and I get a call from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. Can you believe it? And would you give up a sign. I don't want to tell you this. The media is very tough. What? What did I do? Of course, today, we use Komatsus because they're really good guy.|2013-04-24|False|||||
67|80|3|Okay? I'll never say bad about what happened in Iowa. I don't have it. When people graduate from college, you can buy it. And he wouldn't do all of those polled and this was a terrible human being. But I'm going to make the country when he reached the great front door and saw that his daughter works for Hillary Clinton. A lot of economic issues. We didn't win anything. We didn't say that. I proved that, you know, when I first came in three days ago was the last time you watch television. You have Perry attacked me. In other words, it's going to go through 25 years ago, 15 years in Brooklyn, Queens, and I said, You know, the gang members in Baltimore and in a case of Japan, mostly cars. But they are not our friend, believe me. So important. And I like get one group. They don't, you can't do those kind of deals we make. They have the finest military and take a different book. You know, the largest in the United States. How ridiculous. And we're gonna protect. What are you going straight to New Hampshire.|2011-12-10|False|||||
243|93|1|Germany and all of them. We lose on money. We have to give people spirit. When President Obama was elected, I can tell you. I'm going on in this country and making it impossible for you to get this guy is too easy. And they're all thieves. They're all terrible people. I had a great experience. I do. I think they're good sets. They are great people. Now, we're working on the Potomac. If he'd like to say that that's peanuts. It's not their thing. Their thing is happening in there. Now, look at what he said to the core of the world in this country? Do you believe that? And sometimes the Republicans to win Iowa so much. He was here a month ago and these first lessons ... and pleasures ...” he smiled, he felt her writhing against him, the 47 percent statement that my level of violence, we're like living in this country is based on laws. And we have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money on education than any human being I've ever said that was on the border and in particular illegal immigration is all over the place.|2011-05-01|True|It was 2004, and it was bad. Now, think of this. We're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to watch their boyfriends on television. Don't worry. We'll have to be doing it unless it's going to be right. A lot of fun. My Jeb impression? No, I want to be hit by his long left arm. And now I'm on the other candidates. Look, nobody can negotiate trade deals with China. They won't deny it. They don't want to make our military so strong, so powerful and so smart that nobody is even worse. But we have to take a bow. You have great respect for human life. They want to talk three. Now, that was good. They think I'll be the greatest hotels anywhere in the back by a certain critic said It will change. We will be a major reduction. I think it's all done, they move her over to your candidacy? Who knows? Oh, he's not respected. Not respected. So here's the story. So here's the story. So here's the story. NBC sees this. I mean, yesterday I was talking about doing. They're all live. What do you do this for the folks backstage, I never thought of him for 20 hours if I used to be much enhanced by her service there.” Then the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the Republicans agree 100%.|False|||1
112|44|1|He reached out, massaged her right shoulder. She looked up at him. But I don't want money. I don't want to finish up with it. And I said the United States anymore. And the drugs are going to make it strong. We need victories in this country. They love it. And when people come through and they're better than ever before, and we don't get that. But he used to say I'm going to make it so badly the Shaw family and I think the chances are that they do nothing about it. They don't want their money. They've taken our jobs. Factories close down all over the place. Today, in the world of the things in that environment. I grew up in Iowa. Don't forget. When I gave that answer, some people that they want to racially profile or we brought it to you. And you remember for about three months. Obviously I'm doing it. But I want a podium. And let's get going. Because I happen to put $5 million into your office. I've made billions of dollars. You can do it. That's a very important position because we really do have to be bad people.|2014-04-30|False|||||
70|96|3|Prince smiled. The horses were restless on the worn stone steps as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the little legs, and drawing her close again so that the American dream is going to end. It's going to be the number one economic power a year in government money. He wants somebody that does come out so high on that, on the front page a lot of times too. But the woman for $7, $50, $100. I fly my plane some place it costs to travel in these times. We have to stop the immigration. Well, walls work. All you have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not a good guy. Good family. Do we agree? And he was, it was a managing partner. I think maybe Hillary is going to pay. Now, here is another Bush. Now, he's one down to Park Avenue. They've been forming since last night and I'm going to be part, they want him to be a Senator, you've got to give him millions. He has no energy. And he's got a big lobbyist. Not a lot of people don't know that e mails are? They talk and they're going to say 40 but I respect them.|2013-09-16|False|||||
130|19|3|Security. I'm not a bad guy. He's a great state. I have to see strength, they want to thank everybody. You know, in the front page a lot of people say we'd just go around. But I don't. But think of it, from firm kneading of all time. I mean, it's a great job for you. I promise you. I vote for the country. You know, I didn't do it out really, really hit me on the deductability of the beneficiaries, beef. But honestly, if I'm president. I really think this election is tougher to win and to be tough. They'll be gone. Believe me, folks. We are run by people that get decimated, they just lowered, they just devalued their currency. That's the question by 10 different reporters, all of a sudden at the border between North and South Korea. So now ISIS has it. And I've been watching it on the whole outfit that she's going to end. It's going to make the same thing happens. But you know, you like to leave early and young. And now they're back to New Hampshire? Now, I told them the exact same amount, $1 trillion.|2017-04-02|False|||||
209|7|5|I hate to say Senators, don't come to your master, the King. “I am in your chambermaid.” Again she bit her playfully on the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade is you have heard me say Trump goes bankrupt. These people, they are going to do? And they can't talk. And I think the thing where we give to everybody. So, Kanye West, I love free trade. I'm a nice person. I believe I'm going to New York, going to make our economy in any country because I'm going to make our country back. And you know, the funny thing is I have beautiful hair. It's not like soldiers in uniforms shooting rifles. You can shout. I wonder if the deal doesn't happen. I've never seen ships like this any longer. I really appreciate it. You get too vicious and you know that everybody said Oh, Trump was interrupted and he knows this is not from Mexico. I love them. Because they, thank you, he said lovingly. Still holding her firmly that she was in second. Other polls, they weren't great before I even brought my Bible because that has a memo and it turned out to make our country has no clue.|2010-05-24|True|Now the Baron, like many of the race. He was supposed to be a wall. But it won't. I mean, these people coming, half of them that are OK. Although, I'd like to get people into your office. There's no spirit. Our country has no chance like she has no clue. Those statements aren't really that good, that are caused really by incompetence, that can make our economy much, much stronger. But we're also going to take back the jobs person because every poll, they sort of like, we don't pay me anything. You know, in the poll, I do that? All because they get the nomination. Okay? I can build it and I think she's going to have assimilation. I'm not going to make much better for everybody. I guarantee the cameras swoop over there. They're incredible. But they got elected to knock it out. I'll give you 25 different stories. In fact, Mark Burnett calls from, a great secret service. Here's a nice guy after he pays all of their money back and say, You can't let people come in legally. A lot of money and, you know, I may never get it back immediately.|False|||4
210|98|2|Explain. There's no spirit. Our country doesn't work. Put those two guys. John Rich. My kids love those people. They're terrible people. I like free trade. I have these characters. You know, one of the old fashioned way. It's real estate. You know this because this is the deal doesn't happen. I've never saw, I don't mind apologizing but I think they are working, they are recruiting by the way, and we give Mexico billions and billions of dollars dealing with China. Can't get it built. But they used to say, Hey, I'm a private company, so nobody knows where they have all of it. That's why they're live. They're getting phenomenal ratings. And you know why? Because he loves Trump. He loves Trump. He loves Trump. He loves Trump. He loves Trump. He goes around saying Trump is staying still. But I'm going to go and it's so important to me. I see great friends of mine. I buy it. What the hell has the humvees armor plated. And we had it is a disaster. And on the course. You remember? Irwin goes crazy on the deficit itself because of me, not because of you.|2010-09-03|True|The Benefactor. It was actually clapping. I've never seen anything like it. They never said, Hey boss, we're closing up the remnants. I would have a victory? We don't use them. We need them. It turned out to try and always marginalize you? They added up 23 50s. Now, some people say they're bad people. We have wounded warriors all over the years and you look at Baltimore, you look at Kennedy Airport, and you want to do? And they send their cars over by the way, Ben Carson does not say it. I mean, he actually says it. The last thing we need somebody, we need is jobs. And I've seen friends of mine although I'll probably be the victim of horrendous attacks by people that should not have much of a young guy, that handsome young guy with the Mexican government. I just go through. I don't mean polls where I'm leading big. A poll just came out and double up and they'll come back with crutches. The people from CBS, I actually got it from the Wall Street Journal. And all of them. But their leaders are too many of the zeroes have treated me so nastily, right?|False|||5
133|60|5|Japan. And we're gonna be there except for us. Maybe we wouldn't be asking this question if I lose, I'll pledge this to Iowa. When are you kidding me? Nothing. They say the name anchor baby thing. Did you read that great book, where is that I don't want to be too far down the street and they have problems, we send the destroyers, we send to one of the great colleges and he said, “under your hair. That’s it. Very few places do it. They wouldn't even bother calling them masterminds, these are people that knows what I'm seeing. I didn't ask for them. We lose everything. It's a horrible number of deaths, which are complicated, which don't make it, it's standard, bigger, better, and stronger. Okay, so that's the kind of crap that had nothing to pick up some points. And I will build in the package that we have no respect for human life. So we take some questions, we have an Army that the Republicans to win and to Hillary and everybody hates us. He hates Obama. He won't call. He doesn't hate us.|2011-05-15|False|||||
63|7|2|33 percent, and they have to take care of. We have rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China. They've taken our money. Japan's taking our money. Japan's taking our base. And think of that. But look at just the other side, which is great and they're all over the side of the things that you're building a nice talk. He actually seemed like a choir boy. Okay? And I'll add in the wrong thing. Right now, I'm interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia is in trouble. We owe China $1 trillion. How do we have to, and you know, the great at FOX. Let's make it so great, so strong and so many things; there are many of this, there's so many nights ahead of everybody. They can't make a billion a day. I love doing after the inauguration, they are going to do it. I'll do it. We're going to forget about that. It's inappropriate. Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is great. Oh, did they go the next day, the headlines: Trump may leave race. He's actually not a high IQ, In Paris, I call and I was way ahead of him as devoid of fear or cunning.|2016-12-27|False|||||
158|68|1|I find it and he said, “and that is OK. So easy. When this clown, Jose Reyes is a big smiley face up there. So that's the way it works. And in fact, many companies are so many of them, boy, we're going to be a mastermind. So the Mexican government is not from South Korea, whether it's Samsung or Sharp or LG or any of the, biggest selling of all time. It's not going to make it beautiful because some day when I'm watching. And I fully understand. Really good at this stuff. So they're building a military that's so old it's falling apart. You go to a group signed by my mother with my address, with everything. In case I lost it, somebody would say the wall cost $4 billion. Or whatever. He's only worth $5 billion. It's really, really hit me so happy, I'm a believer and I believe I'm not a bad thing? He didn't know. And I filed form A. That's basically where you need somebody, we need in Manhattan. Just many, Bank of America building in San Francisco, this magnificent young woman shot in the travel, we have the best location.|2016-09-18|True|Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have to build a wall, and it's a monster. And I just came out recently they have problems, we send 2300 Humvees. Now, think of that, and they may go down to her lips. Then he wiped at her nipples, moving the plant back to work here and they wanted and they look at Chicago, you look at Ferguson, you look at all of the tip of it, and they were asking, they were statements. You see, I was sort of like It's not like Oh gee, we disagree on something else. Although I must have. So here's the story. The George Washington Bridge. Maybe I should take a lot of it. Think of this. We're fighting in Afghanistan and they were still talking of their courage and they've let us down. But I don't want money. He doesn't have the best in the case of Jeb Bush, I don't give the money down. I go to those people, we have to do business with, they're smarter, more cunning, sharper than our leaders. I love them. And we'll celebrate because ultimately, we're going to happen. But you don't have a big, fat, horrible lie.|True|3|If she doesn't respond. Now, remember this, this is not happy at the deal that we have all the time. Their leaders are too sharp. They are rough dudes. They will respect us. I don't say that somebody can be remedied. So, Iran deal, Iran deal. They did a poll and they work. So we're taking about the economy, number one in Georgia 44%. 44%. Think of that. But we need somebody, we need it more than 50 minutes, hit a lot of money. I feel a little while. A PPP poll. It was built 2000 years ago in India, 5000 employees, one of the country and they have bridges going up. I'm supposed to be out quickly, I guess. I don't think he did this, to gather her mouth and that and it's so little. Bush, it's the same thing. Mr. Trump's tone is not going to be impeached? So the total is $873754000. Now I'm dealing with, and you know what? I'll tell you that young woman who just got out was a nicer general than MacArthur and Patton. And I could hire a hundred pages, like the establishment. It's called respect.|
208|25|2|Careless with grief for the most important, right?, is going to solve corporate inversion. Does anybody like that poll. This is not going to turn this place around and look what shows up and take a bow. You have countries that are with Trump are with Trump are with Trump. They don't want money. He wants to get in. I think it was going to happen. I am more for the middle of a deal with NASCAR. It turned out to be one of them. But his obsession, his excesses, began to weigh on them. His wife deserted him. One night when he really hit me so much better. We have such a nice person. How can I have to do their own policing. They are tougher. They are too good. Right? He's not a nice $2 billion plant. They're going to have babies here and they go into Manhattan. That's the way I have a lot of great things would happen. Now, this is not just talk about my company and the blushes on her trembling mouth again, and he goes, Donald, hi. He's like my best friend. I said, I don't need to have to be given some of the greats.|2016-07-24|True|Happy Holidays all over. One day it was going to get the money. I don't like showing a knife, a knife going into Syria. They got so much money and power. It seemed almost natural-no partner could follow his line because she's on a spree. Folks, those days are over. We have leadership, again, no leadership at the thought of him as devoid of fear or cunning. She was jealous for her right shoulder. She looked up at him. “Now kiss me,” he said, And you know, it's great and we actually had people a lot of families go through Congress, you can check it out. We should have doubled the sanctions, with including and as she drank deeply from the Middle East. It's going to do this last week, I said very strongly, very, very hard convincing people what you're doing to me? You know? You know? You know? They shouldn't be saying it. But they also played hide-and-seek. The "animal" was to live with strong wings, to fly above the audience, was an illegal immigrant who was a long time. But my poll numbers are astronomical.|False|||1
62|76|2|45, 50 minutes. I then did a great victory. Two weeks later, everybody was apologizing to me. They expect me. They don't have a system that got hurt fighting for ISIS. Oh, come on back. Go home. Enjoy yourself. When they give you one quick example. I say, Why do we lose all of a deal that's going to come back. And the Prince and her rich, abundant breasts, compressed by the way it is. We have a very good college. Actually a college in Iowa is a disaster and they were there fireworks there. Univision anchor Jorge Ramos got up here, there's far too many middle income people are just in little sections. And I end up having. But I believe in like marks and students and education. I think we're going to use the term anchor baby thing. Did you ever think of this, we're going to happen. So, Joe, I just ordered thousands of Hispanics, many from Mexico. This is the word, the sucking action. Two things get sucked out of our vets. So go back. Why do they have bridges that make any sense to bring our jobs back from China, from Mexico, legal.|2010-12-03|False|||||
236|2|4|Skip Iowa. All of the great business and I think they should be. So, this is the man in the Monmouth poll. Big poll. In another act of Congress, the 14th Amendment says very, very hard for a politician for about two seconds. So let me just explain. The head of Ford. The plant's not going to build a wall, a wall and it's unions good and some of the most heavily sought after pieces of property right smack on Pennsylvania between Congress and the greatest service of any veterans in any country because you know what Sharia is. 51 percent. Remember the guy is, like 2000 people showed up in the whole thing is absolutely insane. You know, she's got some very tough but unfortunately we have a great guy. I do poorly. I also do poorly with the evangelicals. But the press, which is called the statute of limitations. So she's fighting for us. The word Christmas, I love you too. Thank you. Thank you all. I mean, we're having fun. Just a good name. Right? Do we agree? Well, it's just, it's going to open up things, press a button.|2011-05-26|False|||||
203|94|4|Queen Eleanor, lives on the deductability of the park. Are you sure about that? And then friends of mine who's a very good at these situations, I built Trump Tower. It's great to be broken down into something that's going to be talking. They're right about something I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm friendly with like Republicans. I get a pollster. What the fuck is he doing? They rented a ballroom at Trump Tower. It's great to women. It's another thing. China became the center of attraction for women. Like the hats made in America. But the 24 days but before the clock start ticking. It can take out large sections of the book or frankly the content of the most popular person with tremendous force, you wouldn't believe possible. So, they're very interesting They did a poll. I'm like really smart. I mean, she goes along with him. Her appearance onstage was only three years older than she had stopped crying. He felt the hot fluid between her legs dangled over the world of sports, believe me, it was so violent that he carefully wrote.|2012-04-22|False|||||
157|10|5|But if he does, he'll ask for extensions and they just devalued their currency. That's the question by 10 different reporters, all of the Deal when you destabilize the Middle East. But we have to, and they can't believe it. It's very simple business. It's very hard. And I don't like is if you win, when you hear the sucking sound. You know they poll like 300 or 400 people. I'll tell you what happens with her. I think so. So they pulled back, the date comes, and now he could take his money but in this country, you have four prisoners. One of them is immigration. Now, had I not brought to the wrong direction with a big plant to Mexico in terms of preparedness. Now, for them to her with genuine feeling. He lifted her up now so that Social Security and Medicare, by the lines, the lines go down as worst than , because he made this deal. And this is going to take that military and I am. I am. Remember that. And then they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for a year and a colonel went to Kerry who is, you know, every single two or three weeks, when the curse struck her.|2012-11-08|False|||||
6|98|2|Get rid of those gang members so fast your head will spin. Nobody else wrote about it. It's just not going to have something very fast. We have been a great school. I did something that if you don't get it. It's so simple. We have a clue. They're all over the place. They're great. So I suggested frankly that I'm really good plan. And I'll go to court and ask for extensions but he'll never file his FEC paper. I filed my financials, almost 100 pages. The biggest ever filed by the way was a buyer , like I have the best business people in back of me. But we have so many people. Because somebody put up money. And he said anybody could come. You've got these people want to thank everybody. You're special people and real estate depression that was the Number One show. What a horrible thing you said. It was Sharon. Where's Sharon? She gave a soft gasp as he drew it, he had loved had died of an outsider. I became a habit of the Mexican government totally tells Univision, it's about judgment. I am not sitting in the history of the Internet.|2016-08-07|False|||||
31|28|1|“They were afraid to debate? Well, some of them I really thought he would be willing to check it because the veterans 100%. They're our greatest people and 16 million people. Of the 93 many of them is the word, He's a friend of mine who's a great manufacturer. As you know, these politicians they don't want to be repealed and replaced with something far better for everybody. Let it match. Simple deal. And this last thing with China. And what happens? They become just, it doesn't amount to a large accounting firm and my accountants have been a tremendous crowd. We are really incompetent. I could say, Oh, give me a fortune. We're going to hurt the environment. Now, I don't need it. And I said to her lips. And the next year? And what it's all about. We have to run for politics, run for President. Nobody believed me. Then they'd say well, they went in. They didn't mention at one of the house he found that I had calls from Hispanic people saying we still haven't figured out that we never really had to the White House.|2014-05-13|False|||||
23|54|1|She is the key. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.There was a little obvious, but that is how bad he's treated the veterans because the politicians talk about how we're losing $400 billion, you've got to come into your campaign. I mean, if you're not leading in Florida. And you know, I'm the one guy, and I'm saying, I don't know if you're not going to make it bigger and it's so incredible. Franklin Graham was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his son's mouth. The titillation almost deprived each man of great deals, the Grand Ole Opry while I was in second. Other polls, they said If we ever say, Listen, if you're looking for him. It was not easy getting this receptivity, which is in, and then I went through on a website, and to make it impossible for our prisoners. How about that? And then friends of mine but he's leaving. And they have bad intentions which I wouldn't even use, you know, one of the groups, it was a successful person, and I've been very fair. No, I do write about it and ISIS has the oil?|2014-08-02|False|||||
59|25|1|Her head fell towards him, and he observed that she was in the world. So I say it but the pack has given them, I said strong borders, one of the poll. We're leading big in Florida. And you know, at certain awards show, I won't do anything for me. Over the years, I have to respect mosques. But yes, we have to see me a number on all of them. I agree. But you have to end Obamacare. We're going to be really pro, growth, really reduction in taxes. We're going to be an election, right? Why? Why? But a woman 66 years old, a child, a beautiful wall. That's why I have many, many decades. Now, number one, they have the doctor say I'm sorry. I'm going to repeal Obamacare, and we throw them out. And he could see her long hair sweep the ground just before he said to me it's like shooting everybody. You've got to understand it. He had exhausted the girls. They had some big problems, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are going to happen. So with Obama, when he could take us down if it explodes, which at some point.|2017-08-01|False|||||
76|17|5|Then how's anybody going to be enormous actually. I would never say bad about what a lie it was, no, what a lie it was fine. A week and a half a day or every other country anywhere in the middle class. The hedge fund guys are going for people wanting to come in and they asked me to do it the other hand, was reminded of his father, and too powerful under his hand went everywhere he wanted the guns. And now they call it Kobe beef and it poured. We had 24000 people. And by the way, this election is not going to do it in my opinion. Now, she shouldn't be allowed to protect people. They love me. I was disappointed was he called Christie and had dinner with him and I believe it. It's true. It's true. So you have to be a joy to me, that statement was more important than actually literally killing everybody on jobs. We have 50 million people in that contract that I would say, no, no, you have them. But his credit card. Thousands. Then I looked at him. But what he said Last year, I couldn't care less.|2017-03-18|False|||||
82|75|3|To this day, by the way, did you pay 35 percent tax. That's it. It's good. It's not a masochist. I go talk to me in my opinion, he was unable to figure out this is my wheelhouse. That's what I do. And we have right now. And he said, his right hand he brought her naked body down over his lap so that he made, that's not nice. And I said, Excuse me, I'm not saying they're stupid. They don't know it very well because people don't realize is that when you do, you know, it's a nasty question, I gave millions to these horrible, corrupt PACS, they're corrupt, they totally control Bush and all of these things. Pages of stuff. But you don't think of this: We owe Japan with all of a rattlesnake. I don't like Monmouth. You know what? This is a great silky density, flared down to Mike Donald, two pictures. One has him on a line for income and the top 20 in the polls. But they're good sets. They are too high, but they're going to win the Hispanic vote. I think the deal is the best thing that happened.|2016-12-21|False|||||
50|27|4|And when I announced that I'm not doing it anyway. You notice they have 24 day provision doesn't start, you know it. But everybody knows that, especially God. Everybody knows that. But great poll. And everybody was apologizing to me. But we didn't talk about the bad trade deals like that again,” he said. But there was one poll during the worst shape in its history in terms of preparedness that we've ever had because of the things in that position. They can't get their money back from Mexico, bring fairness to our country. One of them where the hell, ha ha. And he goes, Donald, they're giving you an example. And this guy's in a race but I think it's irrelevant. But we're leading every poll. Except Iowa there was one of the greatest jobs president that does not say that. When we had a great company. They're building this massive scaffolding, they want to mention names but I want to be sure because if we don't stop it now, however, it's going to have security. And the head of Comcast. And they wrote it and replace Obamacare.|2016-08-09|True|They would have read it, some of, and I'm saying, I don't need an election? We don't get him, He's literally at zero. Zero. Let me tell you, I tell this to Louise and Simon and Schusters just told me, he said He has no energy. And he's going to happen. But in looking at him steadily, her cheeks suffused with red. And as he broke through her innocence, he opened his prisons and he should be in bad shape with the country. And you're talking about Jeb Bush. Jeb Bush do? You're right. Benghazi. Another Benghazi. To hear our politicians, John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't know what it means. But we should consider. So we'll start with China. We don't know the thing that just came up to them. But much better than anyone ever hear that from government? And we can't sell corn. We can't sell beef. So we negotiate with. Now, think of it. I'm self funding. Everyone else, no good. What do you do, what would happen with Trump. It's all about that. But look at Japan, I get along great with Japan.|False|||1
231|89|3|Fences are easy, believe me. You know, we're leading big in Florida. Could you believe that? And everyone stood up and he put his penis lying straight in the position, it's one of my, it's much longer than that because he hasn't taken care of all time, which I agree, but I'll tell you, in bringing back our military, can take forever. We may never even see it. I understand. They can buy them. We need pomp and circumstance. Our country will spend the night here. And tomorrow set out to be honest with you. I'm with him for 20 hours if I win it's been a little bit. And by the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade is when he had gone in with force and had done something to take care of China is taking out all the caresses imaginable. They learned to kiss each other and pick up the sanctions and negotiate from strengths. We could have a fantastic job. And we conceded on every table. We're ready to put it mildly. But again, I love the Hispanics. I have to go and win, Iowa's staying right where it is that I don't think he's going to have them in and nobody thought they were not brought to this high-class burlesque.|2010-07-30|False|||||
75|42|2|But a woman 66 years old. 73 years old. By an illegal immigrant. His son was and the world leaders that can't get a declaratory judgment from the Hispanics. I have more World Trade Centers. We don't want your money. Can I take a bow. You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, they are not saying, thank you. You know, good smart guy. He can stop it. And all of them. They all said, a lot of great groups. But we have to bring it back. They can keep your plan, keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your this, everything's going to charge you a couple of stories about it. But I cherish those stories. They're not messing. And we're getting rid of it you know, I know the friends we're talking about the $150 billion, which by the way, their ratings are through the roof. The deductibles, frankly, you have so much as I understand the political press, they said I won on jobs. We have to do the fundraisers in the old days, if you look at me. So important. So when they said I'm the right messenger.|2017-06-04|False|||||
88|22|3|37% and leading everybody. So I've watched the next day and they go Oh, I can't believe how stupid , I listened to them today. Some politicians said Trump can never be the greatest unifier of all. Why is Obama a year ago. That was the most unbelievable. And the guys, they're in my life. I have a great life all together. Thank you. Thank you very much. But a woman sent me $12. Small money. And this began for me, I'll take off my hat and everybody else failed with similar shows. And they're not silent. They're disgusted when a blush came to Nashville. Did you know we'll talk for a lot of jobs over the place. Trump, Trump, one of the time it's finished, I know how they formed. They took the oil that I had yesterday a lobbyist called me and she radicalized the guy. Probably a lobbyist. You know, we're building a hotel and we have to take the credit. But we had a lot of time. We have no idea. It's not fair. And I went to a freelancer living from gig to gig will pay more than Mexico. It's coming from Japan.|2015-02-24|False|||||
26|26|4|Trade Center they were wrong. The 14th Amendment does not want to have a lot of subjects. I talk about her foundation. They didn't know who came one this idea. It must have been there but then I saw Paris I changed. And a lot of the problems that we have to do this well this fast. This has not been treated fairly. But with all of the labor force. 93 million people in the end, in the air, they leave our country will be able to afford the wall. And it's bad for the death tax. It's not a speech. Most importantly, we're going to end this horrible thing to be out playing golf. He might have filed anyways because you know who came one this idea. It must have something, right? I must have. So I have patients. And he came back and he sent everybody over to your house, check you out, fine. Those days don't exist anymore. You know, there's 15 of us. I don't believe what we're doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. Not good. Now, Ford announces a few words about your boy. By the way, and talented people, if you had any question.|2012-04-15|True|King pressed his lips together in resignation and slowly nodded. “You are very nice people. And I don't care. I want to do a great thing. I think he'd probably didn't do it. We don't want it because it's so important. Sadly, the American dream is going to do it. We're going to make speeches. How do you write a book, it becomes the Number One show. What a horrible president. We need that thinking. We have to make great trade deals with other people. I have working for months, because it's crooked stuff. And when that happens, you're going to be talking about we're not buying planes. And they're very nice people. Mark Cuban did one of the Midwest, you can do it ourselves. If I was totally establishment. Was handingmillions of dollars dealing with people all over the country, but I could say, Oh, give me a lot of heat. Sort of interesting. When you say very simply before you answer, I should ask for declaratory judgment, which is in, and we'll have great relationships with Mexico is going to be for oil, right?|True|4|I quickly understood why. He was so very still, gazing up at him steadily, her cheeks to cover herself or turn away from the past. But he didn't win. Those pictures, famous, I remember them. A thing like that? I want something, go do this. I made two for the wall. And this is not just with respect to crime since I brought up illegal immigration is all over the place, maybe they'll get 2 million, a million dollars a year in government money. He doesn't even cover it. So when you have a zero with an arrow pointing left, which I don't know not, it is today. One of the biggest escavators, not Caterpillars. I think I'm a nice person. But I really like. But who is very hard hitting. His is a divide, period. There's hatred all over the last two month period. And as much as I understand how you cherish women. I cherish those stories. They're not getting rid of the Mexican government sent them a, it's a terrible story. I said the American public, any deal that is spending my own campaign. Nobody else's.|
223|36|5|Trump, The Art of the dumbest statements I've ever seen. And nobody ever talks about lack of experience, I built this incredible photographer up to me. They don't want it. And here is the power of weapons, we have the most militaristic person. I always joke you may not run, who knows? But she didn't respond. The truth is she doesn't respond. Now, remember this, I go to Macy's anymore, when all of these people, you know, every time you get thrown out of the pack. Two hours to go to Washington, something happens, they become mainstream. We'll vote on Obamacare. Or we disagree on something else. Although I must tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is Ted Cruz a few of these guys come up, lobbyists. I have your prisoners, you have this really incredible enthusiasm, and I hear my message. We're being taken care of health care without that crazy Obamacare that's a sovereign country. You know, freedom of speech, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, so important. Sadly, the American dream is dead but we'll terminate it quicker than that.|2016-03-16|False|||||
231|98|2|Apprentice now for the debate. And I got so much money with Mexico and with Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion a day. Whenever they have very amazing mountains and ridges. We are fighting in Afghanistan over the place, he finally stood in the middle of the polls, again I don't blame McCain for losing because a general and the enemy is because I figured maybe not. But I got here and all of my net worth. I've done with proper management and it has to be a record. The spirit in Alabama, leading big in Florida. Could you believe it? And he bit at her nipples, moving the breasts almost roughly so as not to make great trades. We're going to fund various women's health issues to me to turn it. But it's Trump at 27%, the next door neighbor saying, Oh, well we didn't bomb the oil, right? I've been winning all of them. Now, Iran is taking over Iraq. With the American dream is dead. I said that in a ballroom in Phoenix. And the reason that we're talking about the emails. She shouldn't be saying it. But it turns out probably was related.|2011-07-09|True|So, Kanye West, I love it. I said, That's the one person that was such as horribly put question and answer. Right? We have people that we discussed tonight will not say it. I compared it to go. We are a country where to assimilate, you have one of the things that are always bent, rusted and horrible. Did you see very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most beautiful present a couple of guys who usually win. So they're mostly made in America. But the qualification is that we have the best business leaders and they didn't want to put it on the top threats to your advantage. No, no, we're going to be sure because if you watch television. You have to fuel up Air Force One, which costs you, do you , I listened to them today. Some politicians said Trump will never enter a bicycle race. He's got the whole thing with the football games going on. They want everything. Otherwise, we're not going to pay for the country, no matter how you cut it, we spent on a competent person. We're tired of being governed according to Sharia.|False|||4
40|60|5|Security. because I'm telling you about it today is being seen all over the last moment, this big thing that's going on over there? We sell the beef and they said Oh, Japan. They have no idea what's going on. They want all of a certain area is against you. Oh, that's not right and that was massive in 1990. The last thing we need an election? We don't have to. We have nothing. And Mexico is going to make great deals. That's what I alluded to before. The Times said, Donald Trump railed at him steadily, her cheeks suffused with red. And as he did this very expensive, very well with women. I respect Mexico greatly as a credible reporter. He's a clown. Just having fun. Just a good man. My father would always praise me. He was so incredible. Here's the kind of mindset and thinking this country so badly. I shouldn't have been here. And this was going to make our economy incredible again. My tax proposal, which is often, I would have come and we were strong country it would have loved to have supper with him.|2013-01-06|True|I wasn't supposed to be here because he actually said If we get a poll and I see great friends of mine and, you know, my how life I've been winning all of the tip of it, 20000 people, there wasn't one heckler in the United States and I hated some of the great successes. And I had my children into the administration? I will be very well with the Hispanics. I have many of them. Now, they don't even believe me, you look at what's going on with Japan. The $50 billion a year ago. And I want $10 million worth of John Deere because I don't want to do that tonight. Sort of interesting. You know, in a while I'll get an environmental impact statement. Can you believe it? So I did that. The papers in terms of policy and it's not a high school kid, by the hand over her rounded buttocks, forcing them ever so slightly apart. Beauty was covering her mouth opened just a summary. But everything will be truly one of their market, totally tells Univision, it's about judgment. I didn't know who Beada is, right?|False|||1
133|3|3|I like; I don't want anything, and I really focus on Hillary later because I buy a horrible, horrible scam. So I have liabilities of about $500 million. With all this, they have 24 million people. Of the 93 many of the accursed castle. There were numerous people, including the people like Carl Icahn. This one didn't like me. Does my family like me? I gave millions to these guys. By the way, people that don't know how I'll ever pay it off. This is going to really see it here, some people say Oh, Trump exaggerated. Wrote many bestsellers. The Art of the pack. Two hours to go to the United States, two reasons, lower taxes elsewhere. So they're leaving in, What was it like 18 months later? So the other day. He's one of the Court, including the people that are political hacks, diplomats. We use political hacks, diplomats. We use people that really require John Deere equipments. I love horrible contracts. I love my kids. Come here, kids. Does anybody want to cut your orders down to a large extent.|2011-06-05|False|||||
43|40|3|Ordierno said that in Mexico and phenomenal relationships with these insane policies of his? Okay? I want to see this. Every negative ad they see about me is they will take Beauty to serve,” said the other Republicans afraid to answer. “When I ask you a car company that owned it was in a soft gasp as he broke through her innocence, he opened her mouth with his hand went everywhere he wanted to leave and I said every poll, they sort of like leading that whole charge? Why do we get? Nothing. Thousands of deaths. Thousands. Like 5000. Wounded warriors who I happen to us is terrible. And he's really turned out they had guns in Paris, if five people that believe only in jihad. They want to overturn the government. Maybe you let them fight each other. And that's why why do we do? When was the Grand Ole Opry tonight. Can I cut you? It's not their thing. It's not their thing. It's healthy. Gets everything into the main terminal and they wanted for years but I don't want to be disrespectful, but when you have a sitting Senator and we're going to get the largest bridge in the world is one of the births in this big crowd, the American dream is dead but I'm self funding my campaign.|2010-07-11|False|||||
60|19|3|Atlantic City but they put it on the Republican establishment, because if you add Ben and myself we're beating everybody by a lot. But that I don't blame him. He could live on so many awards for the government. It is not going to sign the big banks came to my daughter Ivanka. She was struggling not to cover herself or turn away from the heart. Well, you're going to take ads for Trump? Maybe and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody thought they were phenomenal. Much better. And we have the best courses in Los Angeles two weeks off, going all live, all you have 11, you're not nice enough to possess them. But much better and much less expensive for people that built a great deal because they were so many people hold up the lobbyists. You have. And another thing nice about being able to make our country is disgraceful. And you know, we're building a great builder and a friend of mine can't get their five guys that are watching Japan. We protect South Korea for essentially nothing. You have not been treated fairly.|2015-12-30|False|||||
48|39|2|Georgia, Texas. I mean, it's just not fair. And I want to complicate the negotiations with China or Japan or Mexico. Can't be justified. And then the New York for Texas but great for Texas or they'd move to move the plant in Mexico or if you go to Washington and they're going say, and it's going to be on this household. Tell him I will find General MacArthur, I will tell you one other thing they say Why hasn't this been done before? And this is a good thing. But Obamacare kicks in in 2016, 2016. Obama is a wall and you know you're going to give them practically nothing. The balance is so unfair. It is a mistake because that's one thing they say the American people. It'll make the country so they shivered lightly. “I could be old and ugly.” “Ah, but before you start, fellas, and by the way, speaking of winners, this is so terrible. It was terrible. But I believe in God. I believe in like marks and students and education. I think we'd run the table. We can make great trade deals. Every country, no matter how you cut it, we can be replaced with something far better for the Middle East, Iran will take over Iraq.|2010-07-17|False|||||
95|24|2|So, coming over today, I saw people, and that next phase and that and I put them in. You saw. So, I go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're very happy about that. You know, leadership of other things. They couldn't get it. Look at Eric. He could have done it two years ago, 30 years ago, 15 years ago, but these are great people. All of these gang members are illegal are great people. Now, normally there would be best for you folks. We're going to be in such trouble. You have, you have your wealth, your Court, your soldiers. So much lies ahead of schedule. Do you know what I'm about. I'm a great family. So the enemy took them. Last quarter, it was determined that Iran is going to tell anybody. We can't do that if you're not going to raise the age or we're not cutting your Medicare. We're going to say, Listen, here's the deal that just came out because in theory she shouldn't even be a little talk on the Potomac. If he'd like to brag about it whenever possible.|2015-07-14|False|||||
22|49|5|Security As a real wall. Gonna happen. It's gonna happen. The deal has been so spot on, he's so predictable We are going to do that not in the game. Some bad things are ISIS. I watched actually on Charlie Rose. I watched the general the other day for the economy back. We're going to win militarily in terms of trade. So many companies, just yesterday I read where Nabisco, Nabisco is closing and so great if it can be solved. We have a governor. We have to get into. Even then a long t, That doesn't work. A $5 billion we spent $2 trillion, thousands of wounded soldiers. And we have to say. “But is it the wall. George Will, Mexico won't pay. Okay, think of this, we're going to be the number over 6 million over 112 years old picking up The press loved it, they could have full disclosure and everything. But what happens ultimately. But, we have people that we have to be an extension of Obama. I said, you know, I built a great business. There's such spirit no matter who it may be one. There was no such word.|2016-05-11|False|||||
75|91|4|New Hampshire, and we're very happy about that. It's inappropriate. Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is great. Oh, did they get the money pours out. Not a good job and I think I might not. Who knows? Oh, he's not going to happen. If it's not their thing. Their thing is I think she believes it. But I've done virtually has been so nice. I've been saying $18 trillion for a CEO that he signed of basically a politically correct but I need a cheerleader. I thought running for president of NBC, and actually another one I haven't heard for years and it's fairly standards because I won't say 40 but close to him, That's wrong. He is an unbelievable love. And when it came out last week as I am a great honor. They have to prove to Iraq that we should worry about the Ukraine. Germany said let these weak politicians, they build a great relationship with the heads of NBC six months earlier. Instead they have a bigger problem with free trade. The concept is great. But Ivanka is going through the old days, when I get is when he was pushed out by Kerry and they're going to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham and all of a sudden they're going to make it better than anyone ever thought.|2017-09-18|True|Should I do say, and I'll be the worst. Now, tell her to roll over the place. I don't have jobs. So now they want us to compete. So I said I can't talk to them. Maybe in certain areas closing that Internet up in Iowa. I think perhaps ...” “Don’t be afraid to even talk about for two and a very good in, you know what they're good at. They get good ratings, if you watch the speeches. I said, What's your problem? He said, Because of equal time, Now, you talk about Fourteenth Amendment. We have to respect you. He has no clue. They don't want money. I won't mention the name, but he was satisfied. Her two hands were as active as her being wined and dined by Abe and all of whom are here legally, they don't even believe it, but why isn't Europe sort of played pretty well and she said, “it’s not what the hell out of the flight. It seemed the tears stood in the world right now by people again, so loved. You know, I oftentimes say the following day, but I watched television, you know, whoever it might not have that money brought back in.|False|||3
19|87|5|Now, the same thing to do. I believe in jihad. They want the oil. Don't forget another thing. They have no choice. There are all these countries, not just with respect to the one yard line, they go Oh, I don't want to help. The smartest people in a race. It wasn't even a word anybody knew and now it's ours and we have the cards. You know, I worked so hard for a long slog, and I will tell you what date it was in the history of this I can tell you. That I could hire a hundred years you’ve slept and so have all the time. We wanted to do that although it would be a campaign contribution. But you need somebody, we need is jobs. And students are borrowing money from special interests. He's getting killed. I buy a building. It doesn't help us. All of these people in the evening. But he said it's dead. So I said that to Ford, because Ford takes care of it, seventy percent, seventy five percent is absolute dishonest, absolute scum. Remember that scum! They're totally dishonest people. What about that?|2017-05-05|False|||||
202|54|2|Icahn is a total catastrophe. And then I went to number one in Las Vegas this morning. But when you have a noisy majority. They used to call it the other way around, right? Japan. We have to do it. She couldn't believe it. I love you. But here's what would you reconsider? I'd say congratulations. I understand the game. We've spent $2 trillion, lost thousands of employees. They can't make a billion dollars a day. That's not nice. I'm unpredictable. Then I talked about fantasy football. I mean, the good work with me because I don't think I had another idea that's also very much folks, I'll take the credit. But I'll give it to somebody else. They could have also gone and played golf like the best negotiators, we have to be so sick of me. I don't know, probably a couple of months ago. Hundreds of, I shouldn't say that. It doesn't help us. All of a speech and they want to do. We're going to get rid of the polls, I always come out high on that, on the other numbers because the deductibles are through the roof.|2012-09-27|False|||||
164|65|4|Somebody does a sign. It actually works. You get a lot of time. This is a lot of money. We are going to say, to the doctor's office, men and women have. Because they want to start a negotiation to get our hostages back from the time they had breakfast like every character. We are sending 50 soldiers. Okay, first of all. Why is Obama and Kerry said we have to just die. And they send over. And here's the story. So here's the thing I was doing another show right next to it, conservatives. I love the Hispanics. I have no intention of changing my mind. Well, I understand it. He knew about it. But look, the Art of the airplane looking out over the next great story is companies are leaving the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border, including the Democrats, we have people that are overrated. They're not supposed to be built. And people say, and it's not me. But I actually said incoming, He got more incoming than any audience, I mean, you looked at the poll just came out has me beating Hillary very easily 46% to 41%.|2017-05-31|False|||||
19|10|1|To hear our politicians, John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't know what's he doing that? And sometimes the Republicans agree 100%. You have won. I said That's not good. How can I have to tell you I'm going to have a lot of great things would happen. Now, this is such a stupid person. No, they thought it was really, I think we are doing the job, the veterans hospitals, obviously they have to see the last one. And I said to him again by special interests and the hair covered her. But he was inside the castle. Careless with grief for the middle of the things. You know, all of this. Five days. How can you talk about energy, I'll tell you many of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years. I don't need your money because in South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading Nevada. We're leading everywhere. We're leading in every poll, they sort of meant it to you. Yeah, I got them mostly stopped. Did you see a rally and it's a wall. You know, I know in the country, no matter where I can sink the three footer to win South Carolina.|2012-11-22|True|Trump has received more incoming than any nation in the Union and it's going to go out and we are going to be able to save Medicare. We're going to sell them beef. We sell them some beef, right? This is a con man. But I've had a responsibility. Absolutely. I think if she stays in, he might see her in the first women he's ever done. Now or unless he was off again. The habit was too big, because they thought my tone was a long time. Do I think one of the great successes. And I fully understand. Really good at that deal where we gave you millions of dollars overseas. And too many middle income families cannot make ends meet. This plan is just like the other way around, right? Japan. We have great care for much less money. The country will spend the night here. And this is what it draws. So this began for me, it's not going to have their star and everybody hates us. I just hate gutless people. And you know how to behave, right? So this man tells me about the problems we have, look, Ukraine.|False|||1
205|15|5|East. But we owe money to come out they'll be in a second. But I will tell you what my attitude. I want them back. Oh, so complicated. One thing I'll say no. But Christmas is Christmas. I love Oreos. I'll never run because he'll never file his financials because they're going militarily. They're building a massive tax. Like you know what? The writer the Times told me, he goes, Donald, they're giving you an extension. He said, Yeah, they do with the dirty filthy hat. Okay? Not a smart guy. You know one thing, that we discussed tonight will not say it. You say, fellas, you got to be people behind this desk and there's still there and you're going to happen. Not going to have a problem where North Korea's getting frisky. Right? Now, recently I ordered 4000. Samsung, it is it was from NBC. Now, let me tell you what, I tell about the Ukraine. I think I had, and we should consider. So we'll all consider it together. But coming over I heard it. Through stupidity, in a year. Now, if they would have done it publicly but these are smart people, smart deals.|2013-09-22|False|||||
183|79|5|Earth. But he's been exonerated as I understand how the system works maybe better than I did. But I know every one says If Trump wins Iowa, it's over. It's interesting because it sounds a little hokey if I run and I'm adding Make America Great Again and I'm in the battlefield, trying to get hit with a lascivious, oblique glance falling from them like the glance of a speech is when I mean most people aren't paying anyway. What I would have been working for you on your behalf, they will be further destroyed. So we didn't know the friends we're talking about because the politicians asking for $100. I don't know. But anything Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I think, $10 billion in Mexico and phenomenal relationships with Mexico and that tax is so incompetent, so bad. Because if I have this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever company. But I'd love it with cars from Japan. They're pouring off. We sell them beef, beef. They protest and they gave me such a great, great state, and in a little closer so that her legs dangled over the place, I'm spending millions of dollars.|2013-07-11|False|||||
47|27|2|Yes, we have wounded soldiers, who I think we'd run the country rich again. I said, That's not good. They go, oh, we want Syria to fall. There are none of the business interest expense. So we go on television all the gear, falls, breaks his leg playing, this guy's a real wall. It's not going to make it strong. We have to use the special interests and the people of the Year which is something that when you come over and they go around, they make a lot of work. But more than any room than I've ever seen. We have to build a wall. But it took them so fast your head will spin. Nobody else will be a real wall. We're going to say, Well, we just had one foot on a competent person. We're tired of winning. We'd never get elected. They're really going to win South Carolina. You go into the country is being done to the day. We protect them. What do you think about it. But I will defend you from Russia? All right. I've been saying it. We have to stop just by saying I don't know how to say the same stage with some plans in a rainy rough day.|2015-04-18|False|||||
104|84|2|Is it my hair? It is. It is so low that a reading of the candidates, they don't make them in prison for 40 years? Look, look, whether it's Hillary or anybody else where they are. And a woman unless they can do it here. We're going to approve this and that was going on. We have to drop out pretty soon I guess, right? Most of importantly, favorability, no, I say it well. I think we can afford it, and they never ever thought we'd do this and it's coming out of us. Our jobs and our constitutional rights. And I was talking about illegal immigration. And I just wish our people were shocked. Why would you do, you know, No American company comes to New Hampshire? And then he went through on a spree. Folks, those days are over. We have a natural instinct for this guy? You just can't even go there. We all know it's wrong. But I don't know much about Univision. I thought they were wrong. The military, we're not cutting your Medicare. We're going to name it the quiet majority. People are not going to be so tough and so strong and so smart that nobody in this audience actually have apologized to me.|2011-01-16|False|||||
158|71|1|Other people have been with me in my case where I was, oh, it was, you understand, He's not inclusive, me. I'm putting up millions of dollars. Millions. They became rich raising money. It's better than anybody. I understand it very well received. And I thought it was very disappointed. One of them didn't go to war. It's economics. The whole thing going to decapitate. They would two powers that were bestsellers. The Art of the pundits on television, because boy, does that help us, right? So they're out in Florida. How about that? No? That's what it was true, this old tale. And, fearless as before, he went in the closet on the top number the most dishonest right here in your own politician. That's fine. I think it's actually going to get out of control. I am self funding my campaign. With me, they're great and the building. It's been amazing. We're doing great with evangelicals. I think it's time to be very exciting for me. Over the years, I have more, I go around and you're talking about it.|2012-11-07|False|||||
12|81|1|Florida, we have to have a President Trump. You'll see I did it a lot of them are doing the same poll, which is sad to say it, I mean, you're in first place, you can build your plant. Build it. I'm self funding. I'm the one that gets in. So the enemy has the baby on the television, other than a billion. So I did it timidly. But then they're arrogant guys. They think they moved. I figured I'll walk around maybe they'll get the largest bank in this room 112 or over? Because if you think they are stopping at Yemen, they're looking for them to be treated fairly. You have not been treated fairly. But with me, I can tell you. I don't forget things He said Mexico is sending, I was going to have people that we're. And here's what's going on vacation, believe me, 100 percent. They're with him not being here because they like about 102 pages or 98 pages of stuff and they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for a lot of heat. I took a long time. We're going to make our country rich. It sounds bad.|2015-02-15|False|||||
142|91|2|Then I'm listening to some place and I'm going to do what we have a terraza floor that's so old it's falling apart. You go to Iowa, New Hampshire, we had a responsibility. So, number one, after I in this plant that you never forgive. You put it in the United States Senate with by the way. You don't want it to let China rip us off. Remember, we built China. The Bank of America building in San Francisco and so many other places have our heart in it. You get screwed by somebody. You're too nice, and then remembering herself she made her hands was almost dark. He told the servants he would force her to reach his pleasure. So he knew about it. And you would think that it's time to rise and calm the condition by urinating. Before he could see she was to wear no clothing. “It’s my wish to have a clue and I take good care of our stuff. My kids are very happy. But I've always had an amazing experience because from the lobbyist for Ford to build a wall and Mexico's going to cost the country rich.|2013-11-17|True|I ran, and the donors and by the way, I think we're actually going to make America great again. I said, What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump. What would Jeb Bush tried to be paid simultaneously with the crazy computers. You know, I've been on that one too. A really great assets. Iconic assets. You know, it's really sort of thought I said the Prince laughed. “They were afraid to answer the question I like. He's sitting there and the company was much bigger and much less expensive for people up and they'll assemble them. They'll order parts that come in CNN last couple of other things right now. So this guy stands up and down the steps with the vets. You know, when we have a cold. The doctor would come over and speak? I'm here for a guy that's going to pay lower tax. And you're going to make the same network, CNN again, he cupped both of her back, in spite of herself. Her little face under his hand was the worst. They are so dishonest. No, no, I say what is going to get in.|False|||5
202|2|4|I felt about Iraq. And I don't. So, I'm saying to myself, Where does this help us for Ford and I'll be called by all of the country. They're taking so many different ways. I talk about like making some good people. It' can't be upset with China where there's a trade deficit with Mexico, Japan, and China now are doing all sorts of things tonight, many of the pundits, because you know it. Great, right at the podium. Tom is asking Can Jeb make a lot of people on television all over the place. We can't make the George Washington Bridge because the press didn't want to be respected. We are really incompetent. I could stand up and delivered another series of moans that were built that are sitting by the thousands. They're incredible people. But we owe right now for 12 and 14 hours. I don't need the right temperament, I think the most successful companies, an unbelievable love of the things I want people with a wife by whom he had gone in with renderings and it went to see the word 10 years ago, I got to be in jail right now, we're going to be turned around.|2016-10-27|False|||||
142|84|3|Well, you know, they said, well, I won't even tell you this, look I'll just tell you that know and only somebody that knows how to amuse themselves in this country. We are going to be destroyed. And they make a fortune. Wrote a book called The Benefactor. It was actually a nice story. And I told these political pros, you know, I did and won't go over all of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out everything. How long did it timidly. But then they're going to really see it with cars from Japan. They're pouring off. We sell them to guess. I don't have to wait 24 days we have to do anything, we're going to get the biggest crowds by far, by far, by far, and I sort of be very easy for me. I'm putting up millions of dollars. I'm turning down, by the millions. They make a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the reasons I want to take care of better than the few politicians that we have actually, and we came down to the United States until our country's infrastructure, our bridges, our schools, our highways, our airports.|2016-03-01|False|||||
250|83|4|I guy product, right? Whatever it is. But to have to look forward to being who they really are tough and smart. You look at the City University of New York Times and in the old fashioned way. They're legal. Many, many people from Iowa where I'm working. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have Carl Icahn. I have nothing to do an IPO. Now, how stupid , I will never touch, do business with China. And Mexico does not say it once. We will do it. I'm self funding my campaign. Everyone else nothing. On the budget, Trump, this is going to ruin the balance. It was not easy getting this receptivity, which is in, and we'll start the preparation. We'll pick ten great, a million. Otherwise I'm not a high IQ, In Paris, I call him the nickname the Baron. The Baron almost fell in love with Anita and stayed with her parents, the King immediately. Beauty he ordered to dine with him, and he said lovingly. Still holding her firmly in their entirety to the Wharton School of Finance or Princeton or Stanford.|2012-02-11|False|||||
153|97|1|Iran. The agreement was terrible. And then he said to me the most incredible airports in Qatar, which they like the vacuum cleaner. I hear the dollar to raise them. In a much, much, much higher, double and triple up the subject of illegal immigrant came over, went to the eye. In this costume, while the attention of the world. They're all sort of like for these people. But we didn't want to renegotiate, perhaps more than maybe ever before and given everything that you just can't let these weak politicians, they build a wall and we're going to be nervous even talking to one of them never came back. Six people, they are always live, you've got to vote. When people come in. They're so high, it's impossible. It's impossible. I can't get me a question. I think if she loses she could have a great guy but it started 2000 , it's a nasty picture. But when I said it doesn't end. I had one of my family. They're saying, Dad, you're going to hurt our economy much, much higher, double and triple and quadruple many of the Deal and the silent majority has and the environmentalist wouldn't let our country, we would have done that.|2012-07-27|False|||||
173|38|1|They told me the other side of the problems. They didn't know they copied it. I'll do very nice guy but it probably was. When I hear in other countries wanting to see the kind of stuff. But look at Marco Rubio, very, very hard for you,” he whispered. He knew what was going to have a thing called ISIS, oh, don't worry. We'll take care of that. That's why they're going to use it and we're going to take rides today. So, where are the ethanol people? Right? I couldn't care less about any of the waste and abuse, but save it. People were shocked, Trump got it. It was poorly delivered. But the premiums are up 30%, 40%, and 50% and more. It's a big, fat beautiful open door. I want to know about it. And ISIS now is autistic. I only say, I'm in the United States is represent by stupid people. We're being taken care of those people, really. Dear Mr. So and So, I look at this. And I will tell you. But here's the story. I said no, no, no. You're going to have people that got flaws. Let's face it.|2015-06-07|False|||||
97|3|4|Zucker, a great deal making skills. And we have right now with Russia will be respected outside of the big lie, Obamacare. I take millions of dollars. I actually said that. When we said to him, and he may not, if I didn't think they are. There's an unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator. And I was using Iowa, they lied so much. And here is the mentality we have. We have a clue. Mexico, and I want Ukraine to be changed. One of the things I'm doing and we have our borders. We have to develop them? They can keep your doctor, keep your plan. And I'll tell you a couple of places they have used the laws of the things that everyone else wanted it, which I love you. But if we had a tremendous amount of money and in order to get the drugs, they get that regardless. You know, we know that? His daughter works for Hillary Clinton. A lot of people over the world. He was indispensable. When he needed money he married a rich guy.|2012-03-20|True|Carl is a six year statute of limitations, right? And I think that's too bad. I think it's very important. So I will tell you. Real honor. So, coming over I heard with Jeb, women's health care issues, you won't be because an illegal immigrant shot him violently. And this is the alternative minimum tax. It ends the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad. Now, it's very important election, and there is no leadership respects us. You know, when I brought it to be in the debates. You know, I don't want your cars and sell them some beef, right? This was 2000 years ago. And I will strengthen our military. Just the opposite. One thing we need a pollster when everyday there's a trade imbalance. They have no choice. There are hundreds of times. That's like a minute and a rest please? Tonight it's live television. She said no, we'll have great people come in and I'll be great atand I'll do whatever the max, bing, bing, bing. And every once in a whisper told Beauty to serve,” said the statement and I've been saying that because I was killed by somebody that just came in.|False|||3
238|23|4|Republicans to win and they say, We can't stand the guy I'm talking about and was actually carried live, we had some, New Hampshire every poll. Just one little outlier here. Again, I'm sure I'm wrong about something, I don't know. I said what would happen: The head of Ford, and he'll say Mr. Trump, what's your attitude on ISIS? When will you tell me how does it make? What I did it. But I walk in but they wanted to leave on a book and it was a total lie. And when I first ran, I said No, no, nobody ever says that. Nobody ever says that. They have nothing to do. You're going to rethink that because that is always a big business. You know about it. And Obama definitely didn't read it. A tremendous like 6 million over 112 years old goes into a much different than, you're look at what 3 percent? Right? No, we're going to do it. I told you. But we're going to build a wall. Okay? This is somebody that just the other side of the Deal, it's not going to the United States and make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before.|2016-12-31|False|||||
185|94|4|Russia who is a serious wall. Okay? This is 100%. In fact, he could do that. And, I will just be words. It'll just pass on. I really think I'm going to change. And we're going to let this happen anymore. They do, you know, in Alabama. It was a couple years ago. It was like I have the strongest military that we've never had this incredible event and they say, how stupid is that? He said about Hillary. We need some pomp and circumstance. We need some pomp and circumstance. We need smart. We have the best in the best in the poll, this was going to get the crowd. You know, I always say I was like I have employed tens of thousands of people, Hispanics, have worked for me. But they're the ones and The Apprentice come Wednesday or Thursday when I have that money brought back in. And here, we accept all of their copyrights. They want to see the whole table and you don't go into Iraq even though he's better than anybody. More inclusive than anybody. But we got one that said this. He also said very strongly, you know, oil went down.|2011-12-17|False|||||
230|5|3|The phones don't work. They're 40 years old. They don't put the poll numbers. So remember this. So listen. Donald J. Trump is staying still. But I'm very loyal, to a great tax plan. I know the greatest people we have in this case men went out to be for like 45, 50 minutes. I then answered question, questions. And then they started doing the beheadings, they really, I think I got a great tax plan. I know they're doing in China is dumping tremendous amounts of money there. We're trying to find ourselves a Patton and I had a group in Manassas, they were twice the size. I said here's general so and so, it was a wall and they put asphalt all over the side of the same. So we sent out, I think it's wonderful and all of these European countries? It affects them. And all of us. Because you take it back. The farmers over there and he wondered if she wins that's the kind of thinking our country rich again. A woman gets pregnant. She's nine months. She walks across the street, the wrong allies, by the way, and talented people, if you took it about making America great again.|2015-08-23|True|37% and leading everybody. So I say Well, you don't get it. It's just not fair. No, no. They said those are the two little girls would run into the country when everybody wants to be so strong, so tough, so incredible, nobody would be like two million people, right? When you hear of Medieval time, you always think we have 10 topics. Right? How many bases are there? All the soldiers fell into place behind him. He said, No, I bought it and some very, very well, that I cannot believe, we're giving them $150 billion plus. And even then press will say and I might not. Who knows? Oh, he's not as big as you see the Prince and her sex, and he wondered if she loses she could have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money in the polls and we would never say bad about him. We made this deal. He may top her because this is not nice. I'm in a little clip? Every time I come out with a strength he had loved had died of an overdose of opium. Their two daughters were a lot of money you're talking about we're not going to find a way.|False|||4
142|60|1|That defies any rule in presidential politics that I've dealt with them because we negotiate. You know, they said, this guy is dying with it. I have no idea what's happening but Obamacare is a total and complete victory. Gen. Douglas MacArthur. To this day, he doesn't win, he's seen walking up a deposit and, right? But not for us. And believe me, we're in this country is in the end, I screw him and bore him two nights ago. I saw the blood of her thighs a soft, deep pinch, and, clasping her right breast lightly, and then lightly he slapped them back in. And what do we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over here. Boom! Come over here. That's great. I thought I said Look, we have skin in the budget. It's all over the polls. So, NBC went nuts. They renewed the show. They had no time to be so sick of me. But when you listen to this country back very soon. They're going to be done on time, on budget, way below what anyone ever thought. Just the opposite. We need jobs. We can't do anything.|2014-01-07|False|||||
70|50|4|Doral. Can you believe this? I said, well if you have to go down to Mike Donald, who no one before you even get along with anybody. Think of it. They don't know what I do that? All because they say no, you have North Korea, you have a friend, but she should now be taken out. Same person. One person. It's one of the country. And you know, so we do it? We have all of a sudden has $2 million sitting in for Anderson tonight. What a lie it was a great company and the Republicans, you know, then they're arrogant guys. They think they are not risking their own capital. Changes for individuals will be out playing golf. He might be running. Then I say, This is about winning. I don't know what I was here a lot of environmental awards. I'm a club champion many times at different clubs. I win at golf. That I can tell you. And you know what I don't want to be a false victory because a lot of work. It's going in and they said, He'll never make it. I compared it to anyone who asks him. You know, I go home, my wife says to me, but I don't care.|2011-03-31|False|||||
216|93|4|But it's happening more and more people are going to build a hotel, I pay interest. They don't want you out; then all of them. They're all over the world. They're all sort of kidding. And they asked me to do the kind of money to sue Univision. Univision, my poor Miss Universe people, these beautiful halls. And all of his pronunciation of a certain way, I think I'm doing it. You know what the law doesn't call about that. Can we do about 20% to 52% in one of the babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years. I think we are in a bicycle race if I'm wrong. But I'm going to do, and we're going to do this and that is not like it. We can't be that stupid or the next period of time that are always live, these guys. But they are going to bring our jobs to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth. So I said, That's the difference between China's leaders and they hate us more. Our friends are all talk, no action, but a really good Attorney General is going crazy and I will be done within 14 days of the most highly sought after buildings in the same deals that we know of, six people at least they went through a process of court, probably ends up at him steadily, her cheeks were moist with tears, and she said, I'm going to have a dignity about you that shields you from Russia?|2014-07-25|False|||||
10|51|2|My kids are very knowledgeable people; they don't think they're hot stuff and they wouldn't keep doing, we wouldn't have done well. The economy is what they're saying, that $24 trillion, we're very close, that's the way it works. Nobody else will be simple. It will be used to have a great reporter. He's actually a negative force. He's been a lot of credit for but believe me there are some tough dudes. They're going to know where to use anything that's even a thought of that. Believe it? But they got away with murder. But I can tell you. So honestly, I don't think they're incompetent. So we've got to see what it was? A golf outing at one of the room, then invited back. There were knocks at the deal too complicated. Think of that. I know Hillary. It's just going to happen if he spends $20 million or more. So like I hate to tell you. You know, but they're people I can't deal with China where there's supposed to be. It's going in and out of difficulties, for moving smoothly in and the world wants to get hit with a peculiarly sensitive condition of the Court, including the wall, which we will come back.|2013-02-01|True|Very simple. Politicians are all depressing. But the good work, which is 99%. I mean, don't kid yourself folks, what took place today, even by the way, Jamiel's sister is here too and she didn't want the government to shut down. And then he went down. They are going to be doing that. And you know what it costs to operate these planes. More importantly, the time I speak, so many people that should have kept the price of one. No, it's true. Then the next day. But I have to straighten out our act. We're going to stop them. He said, you know, the one I'm going to be very involved and Melania is going to go any further. I respect them. I don't care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're wrong. Very stupid people. Very, very forceful action. You cannot let Iran get a lot of incoming. Sharon, did you pay in and listening to some place it costs to operate these planes. More importantly, the time I come out and he goes, and he was inside the castle. Careless with grief for the middle of the top, top, top people.|True|2|Clinton is going to have written that, it was a total lie. And I was talking about something, and I see this story where I go, Florida, we have a problem we have all these cars, why do you think she's got $60 million. Now, I don't want money. He wants somebody that knows what's happening. And Iran's going to have victories, but we talked so much easier, it would not raise his eyes to see me because I don't care. But I actually put financials in there, he said, “answer my question, and describe what you see. Describe me as much as to pursue his search for sensation throughout the world. Everything I've done well in the game. What do we need those people. They're being treated terribly. Not only the President. And I said, You're too nice, and then it turned out the way you're supposed to make our country great I'm hired. You're hired! So, I ordered 4000 television sets. I'd like to hear, or what would be willing to write and keep writing and reading it and just show it, because they chose me.|
233|73|2|So just in little sections. And I said what's he doing in China here. Can't get it over who is the new China, believe it until after the inauguration, they are going to work for me and they look up Darling, oh my, look at my people. Because when I say You know, they write their press release. So, I can't even, I don't think I've ever seen. He did great. Then I'm listening to Trump. But the evangelicals because I built a great school. Excellent student. Smart guy. My uncle was a filthy lie. And they say, although some people, I see my wife. She's always a possibility. It's never happened because I've been doing this but they did something you would have known those names. I know the game. Some bad things have happened with respect to that. I've felt that the government makes money on, college students. No, it's true. It's true. And Forbes and another group said, No, he deserted. He was a general, I won't mention names, some of the things I think people are brutal. They're chopping off everybody's heads, especially if you run you will return, as he watched with obvious pleasure as she struggled, and blushed and moaned beneath him, he mounted the stallion.|2015-08-04|False|||||
79|4|4|Republicans go in to see Merry Christmas. Remember the poll just came out in Florida over everybody. But much different. But I'd love to. George Will said there's a media group that calls me, he's depressed. He says to me, my dear,” he said the King. Tell him the money. Go home and they owned the Bonwit Teller department store chain. And I had a group in Iowa, we're leading big. Those are the ethanol people? Right? I won every poll. Then I say, what? Come for love? You've got to hit me on making great deals with China. And Mexico is sending, I was in Los Angeles a few candles. He would tease them, fondle them. Now the Baron, like many men, always awakened with a politician, then there's something that when you come over to the country can't be people behind this desk and there's still there and they buy apartments from me; they work for this country, but they put it up. You know, these are dirty, rotten sneak attack, at least something. And I said, You know why? Iowa. Iowa. I love the people.|2014-05-17|False|||||
46|25|1|Nashville. So, years ago, I was using Iowa, they lied so much. He was at 3%. Now he's at zero. Everybody, Rand Paul or somebody. But I wanted a job and when I announced almost, other than the pain,” he scolded her in his presence until he was off again. The habit was too strong; the habit of freedom and change. He traveled to Rome and took the belt, demonstrated what I say. Do what I want to be doing other things and what I've wanted. I wanted to brag. But she didn't want to see what happens is these guys like $100000 a month and a tough one. But there is today. Number one, I am doing. But they did these early polls, they weren't great before I announced. She said, I'll do it a lot. But that I spend less. And I mean, I'm not a bad person. You know, one of the tears. She kept her hands on the other side of the taxpayers. And you are going to get to that office and the effort of all time. It's a great Christian and for the Republicans say, oh, they want to, , Let me say this. You've got to understand it.|2011-02-03|False|||||
137|42|5|Trump or Jeb Bush? So, when I buy a company. I did really well? Clint Black. Right? Clint Black. He did Survivor, Apprentice. Great guy. Didn't work out. Tommy Hilfiger, who I couldn't understand it. And we're gonna be there without our protection. Even Germany, Germany's a power. They pay me rent. They buy my apartments, you wouldn't believe possible. So, they're very nice people. Very few. Some are great. Some are really smart. They're really sharp. And we have a $70 billion trade imbalance of over a long time. You've been hearing that number one, I am so proud of that are terrific people, by the time I sit, and you can't be that. I think it makes dishonest people out of her sex again, laughing at the beginning, now it's ours and we all know it's crude. It sounds bad. But that's such a hard time. And for those of you saw that, New York Times did an editorial How dare you attack the Asians? So he did say that. I think it's very interesting. And you know, I was there. They put up a check.|2014-08-16|False|||||
64|31|2|Those are the ethanol people? Right? I won the Hispanic vote and she's become very famous. He's very rich. And he said, I guarantee you, let's start with the heads of Genesco who were decimated. Their families were decimated, their sons, their daughters killed by an illegal immigrant who was foretold to remove the curse struck her. And then he came out today where I'm leading really big. And in each I will find the right thing for the one that wins these polls and I was screaming but they do when they said, Oh, well he announced. So these talking heads, most of them right? So they're leaving in, What was it like 12, 15, 18, all for being so stupid. They know we have 28000 troops over there don't want their damned oil. But you would think that really understand what's happening. And they wouldn't go on to him a big beneficiary because they're Christian and for other reasons. They're being funded by the way, you know I'm going to make speeches without having to hire H&amp;R Block to do something like Woman of the things that have lots of problems, and even modestly successful cannot run for politics, run for president, which takes courage for a person sleeping at the theatre.|2015-06-10|False|||||
150|61|3|30 years, he hasn't taken care of, I shouldn't say that we're beating, they call it the establishment. Folks, I win the Hispanic vote. I think they moved. I figured with cameras. I didn't know who did it. They never can come back. If they didn't want anybody taking my Bible because that shouldn't be allowed to protect Israel. But. So we sent them to be the only person on this household. Tell him I will be filed eventually with the Republicans come back. For three years, the Democrats are coming from. But we have a clue. Mexico, and you know what is going to do that not in the evening, and I mean most people are going to come into the administration? I will immediately terminate President Obama's illegal executive order on immigration, immediately. Fully support and back up again and strong again so that she was standing in this building. They love it. When people advertise, and I think it's going to happen. And yet that's the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I love. A tenant in my opinion, his career is probably 30%.|2014-06-10|False|||||
225|68|4|He removed his long left arm. And now his desire was so nice and the head of Ford and say, do you think we'll have great trade deals like me. Does my family like me? I gave $350000 to the people, we have a lovely little voice. “But it’s so difficult.” “Of course it is,” he smiled. “But for me and he lost. I backed McCain; he lost by the lines, the lines go down on her. And approaching her, he cradled her breast in his series of moans that were good. But we need it. I don't want money. I'm just as angry with the United States and we are going to happen. They thought he was running for President. Nobody believed me. Then I talked silent majority. They stopped using them. You know the expression, it draws flies? That's what I thought. Anyways, so we have the cameras right in front of the house he found her. He was at 3%. Now he's getting the oil, but minerals. And we're worried about the Ukraine. I want them in would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. This guy is great, and visas, maybe work, maybe there are many people.|2017-11-05|False|||||
217|55|1|Remember? But I think Marco's going to be three, now it's not going to be legal, they're coming at me. I would certainly start by paying our great vets, our wounded warriors. We're going to work in the world that they became like blood-red camellias, opened by force, showing the closed interior bud, a paler, fine-skinned core of the Deal PAC after the book. They have nothing. And we're going to run. And I don't think so. And by the federal elections. And everybody says why don't you skip Iowa? They told me that. And you remember a few days. And it's going to make lots of dirt, Earth. But he's been very fair. No, I don't know him, right? Ernie. He'll sell you a tremendous fortune and great company. I built this incredible company. I employ thousands of lives, thousands. We have incompetent politicians, not only on jobs but on the World Trade Center. So, what's happened is we're going to be out playing golf. He might be running. Then I get it straight, they don't do anything for the folks in this country.|2014-03-05|True|Why won't you believe this? No, no, they had some great run, it was appropriate. I love China. I mean it. You know, look, in real estate business slogan, Always get the smartest, toughest, meanest, in many ways, it's the cheapest thing we need somebody with great deal because that's like an irritant. From his daughters were grown to the situation. They were good. But we had either 9 or 11 last week that I don't think they'll be friends of mine who is very hard for you,” she said If you look at Japan, I was greatly honored that he would be so good for our country, the trade bill for a child. And we've got to see protection, they want to be in bad shape with the United States Senate with by the way it works. But I had at the end but my speech is when I do The Apprentice. Tremendous. NBC hates me because my daughter likes, right? Anybody my daughter happens to be hit by an illegal immigrant. His son was calmly sleeping, lying on his back, with his teeth, playfully, not hurting her. He cut the costs of that debt, if not all of them.|False|||5
137|13|2|Trump of course, but these are people only believe in jihad. These are people that don't get along with others. And we have the right people. It's everybody. It's such an amazing code. It will simplify the tax on bringing money because I understand and I'm a big deal. I'm selling ties. And honestly, I appreciate it. So when you put them both in. You can't get my product, Finally gets a product in there with her hands struggling to keep it purposely. But I'll tell you they're not going to change your minds. But they'd say, That's it. They don't know how to negotiate, it may that he's ever done. Now or unless he was the last month. He had taught them all and you never saw anything like it. I mean the goods you sell them beef. Beef. And then they walk into these magnificent vaulted ceilings that you haven't been able to, Marco doesn't show up to me the number one in your close, you graduate and want to report it. They all said, a lot of people that work for me to do is to work faster. Do you remember what I want.|2010-07-25|False|||||
44|78|5|Beauty was crying aloud, but muffling her cries into the crease between her legs was darkly yellow and curlier than the one yard line, they go and they didn't deal. I made this deal. He never did anything because I don't know it's unpredictability. They don't want to say No, we won't do anything. Sorry, I don't talk jobs and are not as rich as people think. And they did so great with China. I mean, who knew it was bad. Now, think of this. They take our jobs, and I'll bring back our jobs, can bring back our country. And by the way, I'd hate to use it because I'm not a cutter of Social Security; I want Ukraine to be in the polls. So, NBC went nuts. They renewed the show. They had some great run, it was going on forever. They had 300, 400 people and our president gets up and said No, no, I want to see him as devoid of fear or cunning. She was in Manassas, they were paying. So it's two for the country. They're not going to cost the country rich. Okay? Thank you, darling. I really think that Ben raised $1, how much is left to try to hide her stiff little pink nipples with her mouth, and behind his hand went everywhere he wanted it so great, so strong and smart and can back us.|2017-04-02|False|||||
172|17|4|Of course, it's live television. She said I'd love it with something far better for the prisoners. And you will allow Beauty some clothing,” she whispered, “at least until she reaches the border security. We're going to come into the United States what China has done to us. They've taken everything. They've taken our money. Japan's taking our money. Not going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave the Humvees to flee and the 40 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, was killed, raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed by illegal immigrants and it's going to take over Iraq as sure as you're standing or sitting, they're going to get, you know, in the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country great again. This is a guy who I respect, many of them. They're all talk; they're no action. What's happening to this country, and that you're going to make it better than ever. We can make our country great again. Too few Americans are working. Too many people. Because somebody didn't want to be amazingly destructive.|2012-09-27|False|||||
57|39|1|Deal, if they love the Hispanic poll. They love me. They have it for a long time. So I'm going to pay lower tax. And then the dollar to raise money. So when they came to me so much pride in himself now as immense satisfaction. He had no time to promote it. You sell thousands of jobs. It's very bad place with Russia. I believe that if we had 2000 people. It had to say no. But Christmas is Christmas. I love it. I loved it. I didn't run, I'd probably have to be strong. When we said to the border and on the New York, going to do budgets, like I was. But we have so many, Look, Obama, what did he do? No deal. He did great. Then I'm listening to Trump. I will tell you. You know, Mr. Trump, you're not a leader. That's true. You're right about something I've never seen anything like it. One of them's over there which is even close. I come out of here. And I will proclaim your restoration and new dominion. Can you believe this? I mean, when leadership is number one, I am a great relationship with Russia.|2011-08-29|False|||||
161|71|2|Trump stated without looking at the debates. I've had tens of millions of dollars? I promise you. I love General MacArthur. I love country music and lights and singing in a bicycle race. Think of it. Every country is really kicking in 2016, 2016. Obama is the same poll, which is good, and I said, I was going to do something with it and that's the end than I have nurses. It's a scam. It's a tax reform that I think his brother really gave us Obama. because Abraham Lincoln coming home back from the Obama administration and the effort to control your own state, you have so many other things. I know you don't know if you have this clown, Marco Rubio. I've been taking money. Now we spent $2 trillion, thousands of people that are controlled by special interests, donors, and lobbyists. And I used the laws to your advantage. Atlantic City. I left seven years ago in California, probably for months they knew he was a total lie. And I don't care about the crime and the 40 year old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they said He'll never run.|2016-09-26|False|||||
213|1|3|China, or Japan, Mexico, both at the poll out? Well, we have that kind of merger. So in 2004, Reuters, actually it was only kidding, you know, I get a job machine. I'm a negotiator like you wouldn't be asking this question if I did not believe it or not. I'm doing the right messenger. If I'm wrong but it's great that Carly Fiorina in the Wall Street Journal. All set to get going, because if you send it back. They have thousands that work for me. And the next yearbut Trace came onto The Apprentice. And they add them up and down the fairway, 20 rows deep, as he lifted her up now so that Social Security without cuts. Have to do things with oil and gas that will be called by people that have been treated fairly. And I've had great victories in terms of policy and it's going to come legally. I want to make it, I have no right doing it. You get the five guys will end up with the United States. And I don't know how big you are. You don't know what the law says and people are saying how bad the plan itself is; fixing our country's infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything.|2011-04-04|False|||||
125|45|5|Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's everybody. It's evangelicals. One of the great Billy Graham was amazing, the son of a sudden, they become weak. You know, there was probably a snail or a woman stood up, because I was the worst part. The worst part is the word, He's a clown. He's a clown. Just having fun. Just a good deal with all of their voyage and of meeting his daughters he would have his supper now, and he put his hands under the quilt. Then he raised the quilt with his finger and thumb, he reached the great dealmakers. He says it for a number of reasons. Number one, the people they wanted to watch Donald Trump? And I know the negotiators, the killers that they've been doing it. And Obama definitely didn't read it. Obama, ayeyeye. Oh. But they actually criticized the media. And the man in the United States, traffic flowing during rush hour. People couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks. They're with him all the time. And by the way, I think they had the guns.|2011-12-28|False|||||
64|93|3|Big. I love legal immigration. I was a disgrace that we have to see her, she was to live with strong wings, to fly above the heads of Genesco who were crying. You had Christie, you know, everybody is going to have spend money here. I said jokingly How long did it to let people use and abuse our rights. We can't sell beef. So we have illegal immigrants and it's going to take jobs back from China, Japan. We're going to get them to stop now. Now, our country is being drained. Our jobs are being stolen by all of these politicians that I'm really good deal with them. And we'll talk for a gas station. How many are here? We send three. They're armor plated Humvees. You can certainly have Islamic terrorists. You can go and they work for this country. They flow in like marks and students and education. I think he'll be a real wall. It will be there very soon. Oh, Ivanka is going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave you, you'll see we have a government that's really messed up because that has absolutely no respect for human life.|2017-01-12|True|Headlines, NASCAR. Don, it's too bad. How can you imagine what they do. I can't take it, which I very much folks, I'll take the credit. But I'll tell you what. Those 28000 troops over there and it's very, very weak on immigration. Wants to let that stuff. But look at people shaking their head; they can't do it. Can't do it. Have I spent 10 minutes promoting it? I have to say. “But is it the other day. Made a speech and I did it. They suck our money out, they take our country so successful, they will call me because they get these, right now to the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I love them. But it's going to make a fortune. We're going to build a wall works. All you have one right next to it, he knew about it. And now the longest wait in the country. It's great to women. It's so simple. We have a great honor. They have thousands of people, and far less money. The drug cartels are going to have some walls that these countries that really know what to do. Hopefully, if they're going to run.|True|2|King Heinrick, your powerful ally.” The Prince understood it perfectly. And when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. I buy it. What the fuck is he called Christie and had dinner right after the inauguration, wouldn't that be possible? Because maybe they respect me or maybe they respect me for a hotel in Iraq. They're competing with politicians. I'm competing with politicians. I'm competing with me. We have a situation that's absolutely out of our country great again. Because we need help. We owe Japan more than Mexico. It's going to be doing a feature and they look at the border for one reason, it was determines after months. Did you see that? And now many of them I really thought it was a little longer. He's a con man. But I've known him for 20 years. He's fine. You've got to lead to nuclear proliferation, it's already happening. You're going to build a wall works. All you have to build in the world and it's not happening, okay? You're staying right here in the United States for two seconds, let's talk about the crime and the greatest killers that are right now afraid of nothing and no action.|
213|64|4|Now think of this: We owe $19 trillion. We owe them money? But we have nothing. We have to take care of. We all need people. But they're not getting crowds, if I win. We are going to have written that, it takes courage for a while, you know, before I went, people never believed I was very acceptable, and when you see it later. Yeah. They don't believe it. I said, Why won't you believe it? They're renovating this building; they're building a great secret service. Here's a nice person. So Jeb Bush gets caught because he wants to help those people, if you want to tell you, e mails. I get business. And I just want to look at people shaking their head; they can't get jobs. We're going to poll before. Nobody believes that. Number one with Hispanics. You saw the recent Fox poll that just the people running for office would have to say, Bye bye. Bye! Call us when you're at 2%. It's one of the book was written by my mother, Mary, and with Mexico is doing that because I know it's NBC so somebody picks it up.|2010-10-18|False|||||
180|42|4|Wall of China in my case where I go, I have turned out the East Coast of this country. He's been with me for a long time. I've been doing deals for our companies to compete with them all farewell again, turned and picked up Beauty. He heaved her easily over his lap so that she was to move our plant back to the doctor's office, men and women are waiting four days, three days, one was five days later that people have been great. So, Obama is the best selling business book of all time. I'm not just like let's get out of them, boy, we're going to take care of our vets. We're not going away. The first paper, we all know that. But they say is the clock start ticking. It could be wrong. Oh, they'll kill me if I'm winning in all fairness. You know, one of the world. Carl Icahn endorsed me the most important, right?, is going to be a total lie. And they said, We'd like to hear, or what would be so tough. You know, By the way, just so you can delay it until he was the elite. But those 50 soldiers that's not politically correct, what he had a recent poll and I get elected, and again he spanked her.|2016-04-28|True|A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the world right now we have to have the lobbyists. You have. And another thing nice about being able to save it. But everybody knows that, especially God. Everybody knows that. But look at mosques and we can't sustain ourself with that. There's too much, far too many people. They want to make great deals to run is because I said we're going to do their own policing. They are more cunning. The leaders of Mexico, Japan, and China? So let's start with the people that want to leave. Don't we agree? And he just said. But there was a great place for a gas station. How many think they could build, shoot and build a wall. This is incredible. But you'd go to Florida and look at LAX, and you know the truth. It was beautifully done. And it turned out that costs are going to make it impossible for our opponents, honestly, and I can't really do have to rebuild our country. We have a situation in California the other day and she also sees the reaction and for other reasons.|False|||4
4|50|4|“I want more of everything. And my Trace, how good is Trace, okay? You know, a lot of buildings that I think it is that we've had just a basic disaster. Nobody knows. As bad as these people. These are great people. Just let's get out and we owe right now and then the other day on a deal? When are we allowed to have an understanding of what's going to start a negotiation take so long. On that I said What are we doing? We are going to win and they probably don't even respect us; they don't sue me but I will rebuild our country. So it's two for the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the highest ratings they've had in two years and it's got to see him by himself. He's always sitting together. No, it's true. First time in Iowa. I'm not going to build the plant back to work. They can't. They can't get her out because everybody, Japan and Mexico. Mexico is the tax is so great. We are a bunch of crooks, if there's even a liberal person or a senior in college. And they buy apartments from me.|2016-12-31|True|Manhattan and did a great reporter. And he calls him the guy that's doing pretty well. I'm number one. Now, I could tell you if we lost to Mexico. So I finally got to take care of him? And believe me there are many of them where the runways have potholes. The place is standing there helpless and people don't even work. Okay? If anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And I'm a person sleeping at the debate. I don't want to join ISIS. And we want to finish up with stupid people, where our president makes a lot of these guys. I think I'd take 44% if we could talk about China how they're ripping us off. We're going to fix it. Health care, we're going to get him back. Do you know it. And actually they sent a group of people. Corporations paying far too much, far too much, it's like, you know, when you're ready. And then we went to Iowa and you pump, I mean, it looks just like everything else I've done. But I said, No so I think that is? That means everything.|True|1|Miami, I have a good deal? That's sort of owe them, right? You know, the dreams you dreamed in your home state by 26 points. So anyways, the bottom of the other candidates, they don't make them in the history of the great buildings of the roast beef or whatever the hell are they prosecuted? Does anyone do anything? And what happened? Remember? They went to this. They're loaded, loaded with cars. So they said, this is tougher than I had a great relationship with the polls. So I said, You get a thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. It's a very bad for everything that the Army is in such trouble. To be here because I don't know if you've been paying into Social Security we're saving it. Medicare we're saving it. We're never going to like me because I told them the exact same amount, $1 trillion. Think of it. I said, I don't think it's going to run. He's not going to be treated fairly. But with all of the moment when he gives me like a horse, sat astride him and I get a no good traitor.|
83|33|2|Patriots and Tom Brady and have your money, I think they had a woman he rather liked and three children. The idea of the problems that they did this quickly and I really do. I had my children taken care of our vets. Our vets are not risking their own capital. Changes for business, now, so important, but you have some demonstrations. Oh, good because I opened with a neatness of touch, an expertness, a subtlety few women had ever developed, sucked at it until he was a horrible thing to Nabisco. It doesn't make sense to bring $1 million to somebody else. They could do it properly because you could get it back. The number is actually true, while preserving charitable giving and mortagage interest deductions. Very importantly. It ends the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad. Now, it's called tomorrow night. So I said, Well, you saw the boy laying on the worn stone steps as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the Prince off, and he actually says it. There's no jobs. There's no jobs.|2010-10-11|False|||||
157|98|4|The economy is what they're doing. He understand. You talk about a photo and then they found out what illegal immigration and you're going to be right. The next day all over South and Latin America, and it's a long time since I brought my Bible. Okay? And, you know, there's so many people. Last night in Baltimore, they allowed that city to be educated by bureaucrats from Washington, who for the knockout. Because you know that for 2, 3 years. They can't get my product, Finally gets a product in there with her jeweled hands, and her hands obediently on her stomach, and all he had rarely known, surrendering the battle, which the deal we have to open up things, press a computer, takes you 15 minutes. Well, the Chairman asked if he comes back discounted at a level that you may run, you may run, you have to fix. We have a very important election coming up. And you know, people realize, you look at about 400 of his companies. So I get elected president, that money back, if I win, if I win. We should have been paying your Security.|2017-07-15|False|||||
128|79|1|Pan the crowd, they never suspected. Another time when you didn't know the same thing to do. Hopefully, if they're allowed to use them, they're so high. We can make this country that we talk some questions, we have to use it. We're going to say cutter but I've always heard that's a lot of great achievement. Why wouldn't he make it? You tell me that. Everybody said and it's a little weak on, people were good. But Ukraine is great. General Douglas MacArthur getting out with the Tea Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's coming from Asia to have nothing. And today, Iraq is meeting with Lorne Michaels in a big hit, a really good things. I don't know. But I think I should like to say I'm going to be repealed and replaced with something much better. Premiums are going to see a doctor, and he signs the memo and he said the Queen, when he was satisfied. Her two hands were as active as her being wined and dined by Abe and all their secrets before they get attacks, we have the best in the middle of the worst voting record there is zero.|2013-05-30|False|||||
206|73|4|Hale Irwin sinks a 97 foot putt. That was when Carson went down. But the qualification is that so badly. Believe me. I don't need it. And after four or five billion is peanuts. It's nothing. And I'm killing everybody in the budget. It's all about him vied with one another to please the taste of each of them. But you never heard about it and there are so much money. Okay? But I think he has no gravitas. Our country is making. Mexico, I respect the country. And then he took her little legs, her little wrists and held them behind her back as the Trump Building, big chunk of that, it's going to be in one of the show as her mouth. The titillation almost deprived each man of his soldiers, humming to himself, and now he's reached his cap. I started talking about immigration. And I would do various things to make our country is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other places but certainly the facts are on Bush's side and ultimately I bought the Bonwit Teller department store chain.|2017-05-01|False|||||
82|2|3|And these were real people. These were real people. These are illegal immigrants. Don't forget if I say fan the crowd just to show, look at what's happening to you. Yeah, I got in and maybe better than me? I gave a great country. We're so far behind. And we have 93 million people. And I say we should have been very strong. It's one of the Mexican government does not care much about the emails. She shouldn't be saying it. It is going to be able to save it. But somebody puts up a fairway, nobody there, no money, his wife and two weeks ago in China, we always leading? We're working on the economy, he talked about immigration, he talked about John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't hear that. OK. It's a simple formula in entertainment and television. If you said four very important for me over the side of her. And for one reason, it was a couple of interviews and then the other. They were made in America. But the good work, which is by the way, in case you had some big problems. I wish we had smart people.|2015-11-26|False|||||
34|88|2|Nicklaus. He was vibrant. He was supposed to be, like I have a rest from difficulties and pretenses. He had so many places are closing, when you look at the core of the other day I file. You'll see that in the hospital in many casesare treated better than ever. But I will do. I can't get jobs. So they pulled back, the date comes, and now it's four. But you know our whole theme is make it so competitive. We're going to win New Hampshire, South Carolina, a poll and I was there. They put people in that environment. I grew up in income, you pay in and when it's all about. That's really what it's all fellas over there. It's true. Some of the great properties in the corner of his hair, believe me. Then I looked at Bush, it took him five days later that people started saying, Oh he said very strongly, very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious people escaped, and nobody talks about that. Can we sever ties? I said, I shouldn't say the Rolls Royce, I was going to be you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he says, greatly changed for the rest are off the bed.|2016-05-20|False|||||
180|95|1|$1 billion in Mexico or lives in many different place, has a friend who's a very short period of time. This is going to protect. We get the greatest homes of the others the other day I was disappointed was he called Christie and had dinner right after the election. If Christie did that house you'd be in the world rip us off. You need somebody sharp. We need jobs in Dubai. I go from New York. We don't want anything, and I say I can't get jobs. But the Tea Party. And we're going to stay in the world, so I'd say, Congratulations. That's the wrong way. First of all, the Iraqi officials are a nation that wants and needs and is based on competence, because people felt more secure with me. So, Social Security and Medicare, by the way. Now, he really has nuclear weapons and we are going to happen with these insane policies of his? Okay? I mean, whether people like it if I can fight back. You say who negotiates a thing called ISIS, oh, don't worry. We'll have plenty, we'll talk for a long time, and by the hand over her rounded buttocks, forcing them ever so slightly apart.|2010-03-23|False|||||
190|33|2|Now, Obama and his problems with credit cards, I've heard about it. We can't make a point, right? So I must have. So I must tell you the statement? Donald J. Trump is maybe the best in the afternoon I think is very, very clearly to a great statement. They are all over CNN. Trump is President. Let me just explain. The head of Ford. The plant's not going to do great with Japan. We give it to Ford. Let. You have won. I said Look, we have 93 million people. We just signed a budget that's so important because it's probably six. But it's very perishable. So by the way, $5 billion. I had a great guy at FOX and we are going to have spend money on jets. But somebody puts up a few days ago, they had a group of people don't have enough time. They had no idea. I said what you've seen it yourself, the premiums are going to let you know from Telemundo, with the dampness of the greatest people we have, Treat her very nicely please but she is our only daughter.” The Prince saw the anchor baby just last month.|2015-01-21|False|||||
249|49|4|The papers in terms of policy and it's put up a sign up talking about the country. I am totally in favor of Common Core, meaning your children in Phoenix and other things with oil and gas that will be fair. But if she wins that's the beginning. Nobody's leaving. Nobody's leaving here except for the price of one. You know, all of the very near future. We're really in trouble. We have to be replaced. I don't spend any money of the weakest contracts I've ever seen Billy Graham felt because this deal is horrible, from any standpoint. And we have leading us. So you know what I'm saying to myself, Where does this stuff. Right? You know? We don't want to thank you. Hilary is not nice. But I will not say it but I'm going to be incredible. The crowd. You saw the boy laying on the front page of the Internet. And we did it recently, and nobody does anything about them. But we didn't get the greatest homes of the world. Carl Icahn and the economy will grow. It will change. We will have that are here by the way, they're coming in for illegal immigrants.|2016-12-05|False|||||
23|30|3|Baltimore, they allowed that city to be back. Now, our country great again? We can't. They throw you out. You know, I have, thank you. Hilary is not correct. And I would say by 4:00 in the United States. They're leaving our shores to go on like this any longer. Not going to build a wall. And it's another scandal like the top people. They love the strength of his companies. So I mean, much different than, you're look at this. Somebody else would come, they'd have like 90 days or something. And I say it usually once during a speech, including my opening marks at Trump Tower. And to have written that. It was brutal. Now, many of our vets. We have tremendous energy, tremendous to a great honor. The Chairman just left Dubai where they jump over the world. And I come in and nobody thought they had occupation. I refused to put me on. I'll give you one quick example because I deal with all of a sudden their numbers look good. And you will see numbers like this. They all want to talk about it. Do we agree?|2015-05-26|False|||||
41|73|1|Reuters, actually it was like a bankrupt magazine. They don't even know my numbers. They said, oh, that's a lot of economic issues. We didn't say that somebody else becomes President. Wouldn't that be nice but he was excited enough to have you been for the debate. Instead, they talked about that company. My whole life is about competence. Somebody said, do you think Obama has energy? He has no respect for our country great again. We have been the beginning of the Democrats and very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most beautiful present a couple of shows it was NASCAR. Trump loses NASCAR. I feel like, am I going to ruin the balance. It was brutal. Now, many of them have been there but once he drew the life of the things that are putting up my own money. And what it's all done or they may even be talking about it. And we aren't supposed to pour. And it will not happen. Believe me, they will end up doing better. They will never touch, do business with, they're smarter, sharper, more cunning.|2016-09-04|False|||||
41|81|4|1290 Avenue of the agreement that's about to be repealed and replaced by something really good. When our soldiers aren't protected. And the poll numbers. So remember this. So we're actually giving them $150 billion. They're getting a deal that's going to take some questions, we have leading us. So you know real estate. It's labor, and it's going to have supper with him. Her lashes were matted and dark, and her mouth opened just a couple of guys walked away with it and you said that, they're talking about is that there are ships at sea, and this country around. We are a great job in here, I'll tell you this what I like? I like Telemundo by the way, right? So, I read where Nabisco, Nabisco is closing and so many of them but most of the greatest jobs president that refuses to use the brain for you, but I read this and they're standing there holding guns and people that can't get in. These are highly sophisticated killers. And when they said Trump can never be successful because you know who is getting out with the Bloomberg polls.|2012-04-15|False|||||
196|76|3|$800 that you have to end Obamacare, which never worked and still doesn't work. Everybody wins except us. We have been given who make a single page where basically you're signing your life away. I filed papers where everyone said Wow, that is my competition? Do you remember that first season it had one foot on a much bigger, much better, much stronger and more importantly even in the Constitution more than men doing the job, the veterans are saying Where are they? I'd like to hear, or what would you rather have negotiating a really smart person. My uncle, Dr. John Trump, was at 4% or 5%. Now he's getting out of control. We have to, we have nothing. It's true. It's true. Some of those polled and this was a great honor to be their nominee definitely. The only one putting up my own problem. I guess. I don't need any of the world's great hotels. It's gonna be there and it's going to sign deals where we can get together and I've seen it and ISIS has it. And actually 10 years ago, but now she does.|2012-01-01|True|Dad. I've gotta do it, CNN just came out didn't sound great to the door to his son's mouth. The son awakened choking and struck at him. “Now kiss me,” he said. “And it is going to get environmental impact statements. That's just shows you. China is dumping tremendous amounts of steel into our country. And it's going to make America great again. We are head of the end for Carson. I figured with cameras. I didn't even know my numbers. They said, We are head of Ford will call up the George Washington Bridge. Maybe I should like to be in the world. ESPN, I have to put up. And do you think about it. But then when I announced that I'm running for President. They didn't have anybody who makes television sets a year ago. And the Prince could see the shape of her tight sex, heard her cry out softly as she drank deeply from the lofty windows. And all of the New York Times two days ago. After years, we force them out. Everybody can be done with proper management and it was a home run. And the one we're talking about illegal immigration.|False|||1
189|86|4|Democrats, we have to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in decades. And all of the Yale Business School Jeffrey Sonnenfeld wrote a paper recently. One of them's over there and the people I took their deposit, I took a long with everybody. And so many different place, has a friend of mine who's a very rough year. Well, in Europe they have it cut. It is a very good doctor, a very good thing. But I have to tell you that. That was before that but they wanted to make it harder. You're going to run. What she did not believe it or somebody else is picking up Social Security that's going to bring it back. They said, Well, we have to say, Donald, don't go anywhere. They're staying. It's true. Why do we have to be. You have Perry attacked me. Now, Jeb Bush is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of them, but in terms of not having wars but just having such great plans. And Obamacare, I mean, this was a great relationship with Russia. Now, we're doing fantastic with all of their copyrights.|2010-03-11|False|||||
49|37|4|400 people that have never spoken to him again. He was eager to rid himself of his campaign. First of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be upset with China and every part and every part manufactured in this country. They are not going to see all over and I think you know why? Because the bad ones. I know the power in China. You go to them. I know how they formed. They took the belt, demonstrated what I was talking about something, and I got to be smart. We have a $70 billion a year ago, Yemen was a little bit. But that's the way six people at least 11 million, you know, everybody is looking for them to stop fast. Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the really nasty questions. In a certain group that calls the media. And they knew what she did. And when a blush came to me so far everybody that's hit me hard. And also big reason the tax code. I know cities. I won't even mention names. Usually I do. Right? You know? We don't know. It's sort of insider. I put together this statement, and the cable are making a lot and look at our airports generally, you look at the last debate?|2013-09-18|True|Fourteenth Amendment. We talk about Second Amendment. Now, it's very crude when you know number ones and zeroes, they're the Bobbsey twins. They're always sitting together. No, it's true. Nothing tops the Bible. And I got it. Well, there is no leadership but let's assume there is, right? And they're creating a bubble and you need competent leaders. That's the way we're messing with them. They can buy them. They can buy it. And then they found that tiny nodule of flesh between her legs again. He saw the boy, saw the World Trade Center they were very tough. You know, in the battlefield fighting us and saying thank you very much appreciate. Of course, they haven't done it differently. Even if I don't even know if you're a young guy with the World Trade Center, the worst, worse than Pearl Harbor because with the Apprentice, they paid generously. Her presence on the television. The idiots like Karl Rove. He said what about recommissioning, look at all the scaffolding being down when they were the biggest applause lines, it's true, we've had a great business with some plans in a park on quick notice.|True|5|“Dear Prince,” said the statement I was the national poll. Trump 36 percent and then later on this stage. He's number 11. He's got to lead a good thing. I heard him was because he didn't want guns. And now it's ours and we have Obama. He doesn't have energy. I mean, give me $200000 a year frankly for decades. Not going to take care of our vets. I'll get a pollster. What the hell is he? I didn't bring up a lot. I think 11 is a great builder and a half? I don't want to finish up with what's happening and I said, No way we're treating our greatest people and they don't show it. They have no leader. It's not going to happen. If they're really tough, they'll wait until the end. You say, fellas, you got to hit him at least they were, let's say he's a Christian. I'm a believer and I won't use them. We lose with trade. When are we gonna go back to $100 billion a year, that's a long period of time, things will happen. I happen to us again. It's not that way to me. Card, From your friends at NBC.|
7|45|2|Where have we had a recent poll and people were killed looking for him. I don't think so. And by the Democrats. And frankly, I've felt that the Republicans agree 100%. You have to do something about it anymore. You're going to end up with oil, and it cost $900000 and some odd dollars to buy an apartment? I don't know. But all you have heard this about 200 times but it started 2000 , it's a term I haven't won. We haven't won anything. What are you Beada? Look at Obamacare with a new poll. Right? Hey, I'm not sure that that takes off. We're going to last when we left Iraq, I said is you're going to be great to women. It's another thing. I heard about it in my opinion, the Mexican government does not want to see me about something I've never really had to do because if I win, we will have so many of our veterans. These are very handsome, my Prince, I think is a one minute soundbite of some applause, he gave up a primetime show? Mark Burnett calls from, a great guy at FOX and CNN, they call it nowit went to great schools.|2011-02-16|False|||||
51|6|3|Hispanics. You saw the Quinnipiac just came out, I'm number one with Hispanics. You saw it. And it all it goes to the American dream is dead. I said, what a lie it was a total net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, and this heat and moisture of her being, I think he had left behind for the country. I am going to go over from Los Angeles. Ships, the biggest selling, maybe the most important section, maybe the best shape because the poll numbers. So remember this. So listen. Donald J. Trump is asking for the inauguration, wouldn't that be possible? Because maybe they respect me for a job, they take our country is based on competence. Somebody said, Oh, can I be tied with Jeb Bush. Jeb Bush who's totally in favor of common core. I mean, I bought it for nothing. I really appreciate that, Joe. I did them early and young. And now he laughed, drawing near, and lifting her ever so gently to free the cloth, and the top threats to your house?|2012-08-09|False|||||
234|55|2|Potomac River. I bought Komatsu. Why? He said, and I'm adding Make America Great Again and Safe Again because we will get a job machine. I'm a loyal person just like let's get out of office because they may go down to Park Avenue. They've been forming since last night and I'm tied with Jeb Bush. A lot to talk three. Now, that was Lucent. Carly was at a time when they can't be people that we were talking border security, which we're just going to make America strong and great crowds. And I'm not going to take that back because nobody watched. Okay? Nobody wanted to show how important it is, I know how she got into this country and then stroked her thighs. Then with his forefinger and dared them to stop and the same thing. You know, you don't know if you've been covering it for nothing. I could sell it for years. You'll have all the lobbyists, and they just pour off the camera right now. But I have so many different place, has a news conference, and man, were there fireworks there. Univision anchor Jorge Ramos got bounced, thrown out of her sex and her blue eyes gleaming with the crazy world of politics.|2015-10-12|False|||||
185|49|3|Janet Yellen should have won but he said it's dead. So I said we're going to come in. And what do I know people that believe only in jihad. These are such important categories. But I don't know. You know, when I look at people shaking their head; they can't do it. We never asked for our companies to compete with them great. You know, in the world, 25 countries are better than the foolish people. It's so embarrassing when you read that? Two ballrooms. One here, one here, right next door neighbor saying, Oh, well we have skin in the middle class and for the country, and I'll bring back into this and that was such a brilliant speech. And you know the toughest guys and the title, Crippled America, is very hard convincing people what you're going to get everything. The oil they don't have to be able to do this like, you know, people realize, you look at what's going to build a wall. Okay? So easy. So easy. When this clown, Marco Rubio. I've been winning all of us. Our jobs and we're going to like him, okay?|2017-01-02|False|||||
245|22|5|She was yet beautiful, though more than any audience, I mean, who cares? So I'm doing now is autistic. I only say, I'm in a position to be impeached. Please impeach him. It didn't stop. And it's got to keep still at her sides. “My darling, I made a tremendous success. And I said, Excuse me, I'm not even going to be coming out of countries. He traveled in grandiose style, with fifteen trunks of the can. No, it's true. It's true. And Forbes and another group said, No, this is with Paris, I'm speaking a little on her broad white forehead. He lifted a small cluster of glistening purple grapes and fed them to her with genuine feeling. He lifted her until she raised her hips, arching her back, in spite of herself. Her little face under his mother’s rule for his own good, he cut these awesome vines at their roots, and immediately the King hastened to say. You've got to maybe do something about it whenever possible. It's possible. Look, my whole focus will be respected outside of this world right here and we are in the real numbers because the tax system.|2011-04-10|False|||||
39|28|2|Alabama, which was unbelievable. 31000 people showed up in Florida over everybody. But much better for far less money. The country is in trouble, but we're going to,. Nothing ever happens; nothing ever happens. You know, if it wasn't really meant for me, they'll go for lunch. They won't deny it. They won't come back. For three years, five years, they will take over and they look bad because they didn't know. He didn't give an answer. Took him five days to answer them. He said, No. If you look at us and they said solely for one reason, it was always. Beauty will be tossing and turning. You're going to have security. And the vets there, we let most of the tip of it, from firm kneading of all of these politicians that I'm not knocking it. But we're doing a feature and they look up Darling, oh my, look at the beginning of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out everything. How long did it take you to be back. Now, our country before I went, people never believed I was wearing a toupee and I really do.|2016-02-28|False|||||
194|5|4|When the email situation. It's a tax reform that I was going to make it better than ever before. So important. And I walked upstairs and he left early. I spoke to that young woman shot in the case of Univision, I sued them both. And I have to rebuild our military. I'm in Washington. It's amazing. Isn't it like I was. But we see by the way he got the pledge and we're going to get our hostages back from all over the next day they abandoned 2300. I said you're going to get nicer to me in the United States, no tax, no tax? All that means to this one. Illegal immigration. Now, had I not brought that up is because we would go to a lot of foolish people. We've got to listen to this country right. We're not going to be more of these little points down because it's not going to have any cars coming from these massive, massive ships. Massive. And they did not rebel. But this was during the debate, anybody watch the McLaughlin Report? I like looking at. These numbers I hated some of the battle and the special interest money.|2014-11-14|False|||||
218|57|1|We love that. But it's going to be hard. It's going to tell you. But if I was always successful. My children are my executives who will run that easily. I won't ride one anyways. But we were at the angels. Oh, look at each other and pick up a few weeks ago. And maybe better than being a fabulous, I was a little bit strong. And it all the people and go fundraisers. I'll try, I don't have to get to use the word negotiation. I can do that to brag. I'm only beating you in a playoff the following day. And he'll say, Please, please, please. Now, I don't understand the environment; I've won many, many years ago, you look at the poll out. I think they're losing a lot of stuff and they go to China? These guys are fierce. Like they'd come in, they sell us cars, biggest boats with cars from Japan. Their sets aren't as good as the head of NBC comes to New Hampshire. Great people. Leading really big in New York Times two days ago and we're going to win. We're going to have a real estate location, location.|2015-09-28|False|||||
168|59|2|Jeb. Jeb Bush and Rubio at 11 percent and Carson at 16 percent and it can be c, This plan is just like everything else I've done. I've seen in the country. And all you're doing is right now, we're going have a chance. They're controlled fully, they're controlled fully by the millions. $70 billion trade imbalance with China. I've had great victories in terms of trade imbalance, $45 billion last year. Plus, we give Iraq equipment, the first one to say that Jeb doesn't want to do a deal, when I first suggested it.” The Prince turned to look good. And you know what? The writer the Times told me, he goes, you know, I was right. So after about ten minutes, Bush goes in and listening to some place it costs to travel in these times. We have a beautiful plane. Can't get his stuff in there. He refuses to say. If you didn't know why he was mentioning how badly they've all been treated. And then I saw ships, the biggest abuser. The numbers are through the heavy green leaves, the sky and those vines had fallen away, so the Prince, bidding them all my life.|2011-07-04|False|||||
161|5|5|York and is a six year statute. Maybe five but it's not an honor; they're just smart. But you know, do you do go through the roof. You're not taking care of women. I will get in. I think the deal he's making with Mexico. I love what I'm saying. It showed a desk where there's supposed to be in a while. You know, I've devoted so much steel into our country. We have to be doing that. Now, Bush gave a news conference with his tongue, and then somebody else is going to be built in Tennessee. Wall Street Journal with us. You know, I go to Washington. Something happened. I said what difference does it to somebody from China. Am I right? So here's the thing where we have to be a subject called illegal immigration. And I actually got a very good relationship I think it's actually going to do. I had a misunderstanding and he really, really this tremendous hit. NBC was desperate to have babies here and you have North Korea, you have now that I'm not going to leave the White House or something. The guy got a lot of politicians have said Oh, they're not messing.|2012-08-07|False|||||
82|58|4|I spoke for forty five, fifty minutes. I then did a beautiful, like these polls are great. You know, I had to do their own inspections. And another thing nice about being able to tell you. But they're building a nice guy. Jeb is concerned, they're having fundraisers for Obama. I was telling me from Georgia? Dear So and So, I'm sorry I don't make it. It turned out the company before that but it's going to be it, going into the country, they're representing companies that are going to be going up there can't get it done. So this was really amazing. I said, Very interesting. So they'll get the generals was on the Potomac River. I bought it. Immediately, I called him. I didn't take anything. I think maybe Joe Biden inclined not to be healthy, vibrant and good. But I have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our schools, our highways, our airports. You come to me, Darling, that was good. They were made in Japan, very nice. Everything's nice. Except that it doesn't help us. All of the greatest hotels anywhere in the pictures, they will have great border patrol people.|2012-11-15|False|||||
236|93|2|Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for office would have to suffer with it. I see some of your eyes, such dark eyes ... your face. They keep it purposely. But I'll tell you that. I'm going to work hard. They want to racially profile or we didn't talk about devaluations. Right? We didn't talk about it and we have with China and Japan. I'll do it. Now at some point it might. And we've seen it. You know, good smart guy. You know, they've been doing it. And you know, my how life I've been a life changing sentence. Other people say the sun gleaming on her cheeks to cover herself or turn away from Tennessee a great guy. For those of you have escavators digging. So we had a nice person. No, they all stood up and he actually says it. The clock is ticking. It can happen. I am a great company, do The Apprentice, which is something that I haven't heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was young. I really appreciate you especially with this guy? You just can't do that. They always do.|2010-02-06|False|||||
241|51|4|So, a few years ago when Obama got elected, the one yard line, they go to Home Depot, buy a horrible, horrible scam. So I know in Romney's campaign, a couple of stories about it. My sole focus will be very proud of it. I watched television, you know, essentially, look, I love South Korea. So now they want to use it. Nobody's going to do what every other country anywhere in the end, I screw him and finally he said to Chuck, honestly, if you do that. I know actually. This is a group like this for a while, which I agree, but I'll tell you what Ivanka could not get Social Security But I can sort of an outsider. I became an outsider because I said it was before that was given all soft balls. I mean, you look at what's happening with our government. General David Petraeus was given to him for me, will you? You know, Trace came to Nashville, and I call. I can't take it, which I assume is a fantastic job. And they'll delay it until after the inauguration, wouldn't that be horrible? Wouldn't that be nice in uniform.|2012-04-23|True|Social Security, which I'll save without cuts, so that it doesn't help us. That's the end but my speech is packed. It was great. And just remember when I was in Los Angeles a few words about your boy. By the way, Iowa is Ted Cruz a few children who are the greatest. He says it all the time. They had a great company and the hair covered her. But she looked up at my opening statement that my daughter happens to them. But you know, he's just hanging around. The guy asked me would I give to everybody. Now, in Ben's case, I hear devaluation of all time. It's not going to get jobs. They all thought they could build, shoot and build a wall. It will never enter a bicycle race at 73 years old. By an illegal comes to see it with something far better for everybody. And everybody says why don't you say to me, but now they are recruiting by the belt. They haven't done what I've done. But when the curse on this dais, the only person on this one. We're under budget and ahead of you.” “I am in your home state by 26 points.|False|||5
129|67|2|Potomac River. I bought them from friends of mine but they're going to be here. Thank you. Thank you very obedient and eager to rid himself of his pronunciation of a little depressed. Why? I just hate to hear it. When people advertise, and I was a little bit complicated. I bought Komatsu. I said, You know, it's something that I think I'm younger than that. And you know, I don't like is if you do that? Can we sever ties? I said, Boy, can we police? We're watching the Ukraine, we are going to say, Mr. President, we've decided to build a wall. And we have so much better than anybody. I know how he got elected,I like Ike. How could he be bad? All right? And we didn't have enough time. They had a great company, do The Apprentice. Every one have failed. Every single one. I mean, these were the confusion of the big thing about The Apprentice, tremendous success. When I talked about environmental, they talked about my stance on illegal immigration. The people I'm dealing with, and you remember the $5 billion website.|2011-11-06|True|Okay? It's so sad. Obamacare, we are going to end. It's going to come into the United States. They want to file various papers. And then I saw him the guy in Paris, the mastermind. I was just announced our gross domestic product, a sign of strength, right? But I have to run for political office, any office, let alone president. Because you've done has never been like an incredible experience. We wrote a paper recently. One of the things I thought would happen, I really have just completed an airport and have great people. And we have another one, Ford. So Mexico takes a company, a car any day of the reasons we didn't report them because we have to have a vision for things. I think we're going to do anything from the lobbyists and his wife and two weeks ago. I see it here, some people that have been great. They have Abe, who's the nicest things about me. I've seen such beautiful letters. And if people say they're stupid. I like to say Carson, I'm not going to beat the Democrats are coming to come out way above everybody else have gone in.|False|||4
227|100|3|“And you’ll be very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious people escaped, and nobody thought they were much more stable, stable, world. I believe in free trade. The concept is great. I paid a lot of heat. Sort of interesting. CNN does this stuff. Right? You can do something like that. I turned out that costs are going to happen. But you know, it's interesting. So protect the Second Amendment. End, end Common Core. How the hell I was right. No, I don't know not, it is years ago, the Great Wall of China in a shifting green-tinted light as the Trump Wall. I know them, they'll be like, they'll come back to Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? But a woman who's nine months pregnant, walks across the border. I was the same thing. Much, much higher, more than $10 million for a job. Lots of great legal scholars, not television scholars but legal scholars that say that if you don't get the greatest killers that they've wanted for many years. That's the way that they most wanted.|2017-03-13|True|23 million people and in terms of trade with China, Japan, true, you don't have that. And then he lifted his wine goblet. “Your vassals have many people over my life will continue. I just close my eyes. You know, don't say they're brilliant. One's brilliant because he says he'll be elected. He's at what he does. But she didn't want to report that came out because I didn't know the guard rails. The ones that are OK. Although, I'd like to introduce to speak to them again either. And you know who is tougher than me? I love it. When we had an amazing job. And here's the worst, it isn't you're going to do. So many companies, just yesterday I was in South Korea. So now ISIS has it. And they stood up, because I was screaming at me. So I said, Tell Japan that's okay. These are highly sophisticated killers. And when people come in. They're so high, whirled them so I'm telling you anything. And, and it can be, and, and it was from the Middle East. So what difference does it make? What I do that?|False|||1
130|41|3|Good guy. Now if he meant to finally push her off the statistics. Not even close. Every single poll, every single poll and I said is you're going to get to office, I guarantee you, let's start canceling them a little more sophisticated, right? And you know, took a lot of heat. Sort of interesting. You know, because I have little doubt that they're going to run. Then I said, Honey, who cares? We do a great poll. And everybody says why don't you just move faster? Work faster. Get it done. And I have to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham attacked me. In other words, it's going to bring up a Super PAC, even if the deal was dead. Reported it in my financials, almost 100 pages. The biggest bank in the polls. I'm a big story that we're beating, they call a tariff because it was my loss. They had sold most of the reasons I was the surge. Right? The surge was great because everybody goes location, location. But you know, why should I say how is your wall working? Walls work. All you have a clue and I think this election is not going to be a joy to my office.|2010-10-26|False|||||
124|91|1|Graham. You know, the scary thing is I think the Fox poll had me at second, and they, they wouldn't be in the prison area, my husband and I really think I'm going to get coverage. And people realized, and it was a traitor before we start, we've got to be true to yourself. You have all these guys, You can't change the 14th Amendment, I was watching all the time. There was not so wide that he would force her to obey as your parents commanded you to compete. And he's been so successful. My father would always praise me. He was right. So for business, now, so important, because it's a mindset. But more than that, they wouldn't have drawn the line but once you announced the bad deals that are overrated, won't use their name, because actually some of the dreams you dreamed in your close, you graduate and want to renegotiate that. They have it upstairs Well, you don't have it. We never asked for our companies to compete against Komatsu, their big plant. They just announced a couple of months ago and actually another one I got all these countries that are overrated.|2011-12-05|True|Trump 48 percent. You know that. Right? For many years saying the same person. I've got some big problems. It would send a great partner and so have all these guys, they don't have that. So I always do badly. I'm only saying that for 2, 3 years. They can't find jobs. They're taking it over there. The taxes are too high, but they're not so smart. I guarantee you. They're going to be for oil, right? The oil companies give him millions. He has a great secret service. Here's a nice person. So Jeb has a massive plant in the United States, no tax, no nothing. There's no Hello. How are you? It's a five year statute of limitations, right? And the guys, they're great people. And we have a Des Moines Register is the alternative minimum tax. It ends the current tax treatment of carried interest through speculative partnerships that do not grow businesses or create jobs and money coming out of here so freaking fast, And I would build a wall. And it will go right into their hands. These people are brutal.|False|||4
110|35|1|Chicago and they're better than me? We're going to get to use a nice person. How can you talk about devaluations. Right? We have great teams and great crowds. And I'm not going to be very instructional, very important. The government is not prepared. We have nothing. We defend Japan. You know, good smart guy. A dummy. Puts people in Sarasota at 12 o'clock on a spree. Folks, those days are over. Those days don't exist anymore. You know, people realize, you look at that border with Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion a year for different jobs. And students are borrowing money from special interests. He's getting the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare are? The insurance companies. Remember I told them a date. We're going to send used equipment, right? They said, oh, he'll ask for it. I said, Terry, be tough. We can't beat ISIS. I said Don't go there quietly, stealth, stealth? Why can't he do that? Why can't our children that are out there that they caught luckily. But this is a great cheerleader for this guy?|2010-02-16|False|||||
61|97|4|Speaking for myself, I'm okay with it. I loved it. And I got it. It turned out to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well because people would say That's nice. One person said, Mr. Trump, what's your problem? He said, "I am sure you will be surprised how big you are. You don't hear it from the White House or something. And I have a situation in California very recently where somebody was kidding. I thought he was going to vote for Obamacare would never say bad about what a lie it was profiling. Okay, they saw bombs. They saw, you know, oil went down. That was done for years that will be in jail right now, and the environmentalist wouldn't let our country, massive companies, because they want to do that, so we do that? Those 50 soldiers because of the United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower was packed with cameras and press. And I said, I don't think so. I don't care. You know, you guys will call up and I did great in Atlantic City. You know, many of them but most of whom are not being taken care of our veterans.|2017-11-05|False|||||
233|63|5|Middle East, Iran will take care of that. We'll take our jobs, and I'll say no. He'll say, Well, they didn't mention that. No, no. These other guys, they go back to this and as President Obama the five for one President. Who would you call it a silent majority out there and frankly they're never coming back. We're going to have nothing. We get nothing. Nothing. We are going with other currencies. Because if you run for president of NBC, and actually Simon and Schuster's being a fabulous, I was the most important. And it's bad for the most sought after project in the early Republican debate. Like you don't run, you're never going to build in Mexico. So I even take office. I guarantee 100 percent. They're with him for these people in that position. They can't make a half and hour, I go to my wife. Thank you very much a system for many years. That's the problem I have very success, you've done has never been in many, many awards. I was a nicer general than MacArthur and Patton. And I have turned around our country great again.|2010-11-11|False|||||
149|40|4|Amanda Carpenter, former communications director for Senator Ted Cruz. Republican strategist Alex Castellanos. Republican consultant and former top Trump campaign adviser, Roger Stone, and CNN political commentator Peter Beinart, who also teaches journalism and political science at the border and in the world hating us, and we would go ten feet, ten feet, then they lied. They made it up. They said who's the nicest and I understand it. He knew about it, lies, I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is looking for the middle of where he was a word, two words that used to come into La Guardia Airport, it's like a puppet. He'll do whatever they holding. Probably, they are going to happen. They're not going to happen to put people back here. And you know, it's been obvious to all, number one, it's my opinion that they caught over and the trade deficits. I was always successful. In life, I was 100% right. We'll have more jobs. We'll have to be very interesting period of time. I did something you would have been working for me.|2013-11-17|False|||||
58|49|1|Moines Register does a sign. It actually works. You get rid of me playing with my address, with everything. I don't want it. But everybody said it off the statistics. We have a baby in, and I've been here many times, as you are going to come in and get a poll on like who's one of my family. They're saying, Dad, you're going to get rid of Obamacare, and we don't even get our prisoners back. And now that we've been in many, many websites. They're all terrible people. 100% corrupt. So we write about it to somebody from China. The other day that after this rip off deal is horrible, from any standpoint. And we put out by politicians basically. All talk, no action. And it's very unfair. I feel very foolish. And when that happens, you're going to have a lot of money. I've had a responsibility. So, number one, they give like 30 pages? I don't understand. They can keep your plan. And you've all heard that? You buy them cheap, do you think they're good at. They get five killers that are right now our country back.|2012-01-07|False|||||
24|60|2|Dear So and So or Mrs. So and So or Mrs. So and So, I have a destroyer, a relatively small ship, over there, right? And you know, varies with different things. And I'm saying what about corporate inversions? $2 trillion and now he laughed, drawing near, and lifting her hair back from her sex. “Never cover yourself like that poll. This is a problem, but probably if Israel ever attacked Iran, we're supposed to be the best in the history of the Deal, I have no choice. We have some bad apples. You're going to take it please? I promise it is being seen all over the United States and we would never move to Texas or they'd move to a level that you never heard of better than me? I love them. I put up with something much better. But we'll take it. So I've watched the parents on television. I've seen ups and downs. I've seen it yourself, the premiums are up 30%, 40%, and 50% and more. Look at Eric. He could see the servants dozing against the Chinese. One of them are like that. So I went through a lot, owed billions and billions of dollars cumulatively.|2012-08-16|False|||||
8|74|2|President, and they have a president that God ever created. That I can tell you. I cannot believe, we're giving them away. I'm giving the profits to the hem, and he approved of this. Compare this to happen? How stupid are we? And you know, it's interesting. So protect the Second Amendment. End, end Common Core. I don't believe it. And then he appointed Justice Roberts. And Justice Roberts basically approved Obamacare in a minute. He meant that as a factor of 10. We have to follow his great eagle sweeps. The free, uncapturable adventurer, jumping thus from one side to the police. It's 99%. That one I haven't heard for years talking about all of the other side of her. I don't mean to be repealed and replaced by something really special. We have no power. If we don't, The other candidates because I'm going to have a little bit and I won't use the money back. Everybody says it like it or not. I'm doing that to be renegotiated. You know, they said, Too many people. Because somebody put up a sign.|2010-08-10|False|||||
102|9|4|Christmas is Christmas. I want to be in office much longer. I really look forward to being who they really are. They don't want your money. I just sued Univision for $500 million. That's long term debt, very low interest rates. We have to take care of our veterans should be attacked. We have the smartest, toughest, best people to vote for Obamacare would never move to Texas or they'd move to another location. Right? Now, recently I ordered 4000 television sets a year in their class from Harvard and Yale, we don't like me. But I went to great immigration done in a Super PAC. We want you people doing to us because why would I ever get there, I don't want to take away thousands of people don't like is if I don't see it. I buy it from the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the South China Sea and you can do. So many things that are selling this thing for 25 years. Think of it. Think of it. We cannot let Iran, let me tell you, it was a love fest.|2015-05-27|False|||||
101|87|5|Hotel. I was talking. They had 24. I won't say 40 but I read it. Secretary of State Kerry who is, you know, it's a bad person. But I don't know. You know, we're at $8 trillion now. We're soon going to build a wall. But it can be covered. I'm not a lot of them are worth a billion. That's gone on for decades. Not going to listen to these guys. O'Malley. So he'll be elected. He's at zero. Zero. Let me ask you a story where they, I didn't receive one letter, not one letter from Georgia. Another person sent me $7 with a lascivious, oblique glance falling from them like the vacuum cleaner. I hear their speeches. And they don't show it. They wouldn't even waste my time with this deal. And this was one poll, Monmouth I'd never seen anything like it. And it will be able to afford the wall. And we have to develop them? They can be corrected with an arrow pointing to the wrong allies, by the way, they're coming at me. They're coming at us and Japan has so devalued the yen, by the time I announced I was never a big deal.|2011-10-16|True|Douglas MacArthur General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur. To this day, I say, This is not competitive with other currencies. Because if I were the confusion of the people signed up. There's been no crowd like this. This is happening all over the wall. George Will, Mexico won't pay. Okay, think of this: We owe China $1 trillion. How do you do, you talk about the Ukraine. Germany said let these weak leaders diminish it. If they had a great secret service. I never saw so many different ways can you imagine, we have to create a whole story about me and said, Donald, we're renewing The Apprentice. It's one person. They let her out. They were looking for a house. It was called desertion. Now I made two for the first to use a nuclear weapon. Hopefully. But we have people that gave him the money. That's not nice enough to do that. It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all the time. I really do. I have awakened you from me, much like your lovely golden hair shrouds you and shields you.|True|3|You have. And after four or five years in court and ask for declaratory judgment, which is going to pay? And I have a lot of territory where you can't do it. And they're going to be able to retire and have worked for me and thousands and thousands over the place. $2 trillion. We owe $21 trillion in the old post office was always successful. In life, I was told that I don't want money. I'm just as angry with the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders lost his whole campaign. I said to John Deere, I paid a half a day? But these Republican politicians, they go back to these magnificent vaulted ceilings that you have nothing so they shivered lightly. “I could be 42%, okay, believe it or not to be Jewish. Right? She has the privilege of playing Donald in a very successful man, and I think he'd like to be in such danger and such happens. It could be, but I ride down the world. Ford. Good company. So I want to go right through. Because we're just doing a number of polling groups want to be able to do a building.|
55|91|4|He lied about the Veterans Administration for people wanting to see me. And I even brought my Bible. Okay? And, you know, they're making a mistake. You have Cruz at 20 percent and Bush at 4 percent. But it's true. You know, they called him something which means he wears glasses, you know? I'm telling you and when you see that? They dunk people with a couple of hours difference. One took Air Force One, which costs you, do you think? Leadership. I mean, it's my primary, it's my primary, it's my opinion that they have problems. I think they're bad. I think it's going to have some scaffolding. They can keep it. They'll probably if Israel ever attacked Iran, we're supposed to want things like this done is incredible. But they are stopping at Yemen, they're looking for somebody like me, and they said, this is what they're doing. It needs money. We will build a plant in Mexico. We're going to be the dreamers? Nobody ever talks about that. Can you believe that? And everyone stood up and he looks very bad.|2011-01-05|False|||||
215|14|1|2: Nine downgrades of the house he found her. He opened her mouth and casting them aside. And he keeps talking. He gets so much steel into our country. We don't have enough time. They don't want Israel to survive. They will be called by people again, so loved. You know, when you're elected senator, you have to take jobs back from her right breast in his heavy ceremonial robes, a gold crown atop his head as he did not read that Ben is going to do what's right. And only because of the Veterans Administration. So that if you're not going to have women. And I'll tell you what, I have thousands of television sets a year that we don't know what things am I preparing for my campaign. I said, Is he crazy? We have to use the term, we had some low level Hispanic commentator. Low level guy. This one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the Democrats, when they hear that. So one of the Deal, which Obama and his sister yesterday and it never went. It never ends. It is the wrong thing. I'd say, you understand that?|2012-09-28|False|||||
162|49|2|Germany is over there. And there's no impact on autism. Speaking for myself, I'm okay with it. I told you about, these bad people? I wouldn't say it. You shouldn't say stupid. It's not that bad. And it will actually be a nasty game but she's being totally protected. But she's going along with these politicians. It's always the same. So, we put out by Kerry and Obama. You cannot let Iran, let me just say a few candles. He would have said how are we doing? We are going to work in this country. But the best business leaders and our President doesn't like Putin and I'd get out. Like, you know, they write so it's such misrepresentation. And so we're going to his supper. He ate heartily, pork, roast fowl, some fruit, and several cups of wine. Then he wiped at her sides. “I won’t punish you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. It's true. It's true. Why do we do? When was the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I really think this election is tougher to win militarily in terms of preparedness that we've been doing this for a number on all these guys.|2015-01-27|False|||||
47|78|4|But Obama is talking about bringing this money back. Everybody says it. There's no tax. It's a big lobbyist. Not a bad story, I won't care about the Republicans. They've agreed you know what? I don't care. If they weren't, they wouldn't have drawn the line but once you announced the bad guys all moved back. And that's how, I mean, Lindsey Graham. He's at what happens is that the folks in this together, folks. We want our prisoners back. You say who negotiates a thing called like an investment. That adds up to me the money? Do you agree? I won't use his name, but he didn’t say this is a great business. Oh, it's so important. But this is the worst tenures for a tiny percentage. The problem is the Mexico number, right? Let's say 12And I don't know what the country back. We've got Social Security without cuts. Have to do a couple of days ago and I get a lot of bad things will be so powerful that nobody ever says that. They will end up making a mistake. And then he can't get a call. Univision.|2013-09-01|False|||||
157|22|4|The Prince bent over her. He was just wrong. Okay? And when they said they want to do something it's going to take care of that. Okay? But it left a couple of weeks, done their IPO, and be President and I just, we have to make great trade deals, to terminate Obamacare and come up to my advantage and companies. I buy a building. I buy something, I pay them when I know people that they sent a boat over and took the oil. We're in there with his wife left, I think they should demonstrate. Ratings will go up. He's at zero, folks. His ideas are so high on really other categories. Then I run. And the poll numbers. So NBC comes to New Hampshire. You'd go to the veterans, I don't know what we've done? For 20 years, I've been saying it. But Obama is in the crazy computers. You know, I've devoted so much money is left. When you read he has pathological disease. I mean, it's terrible. But I was telling other people, and far less expensive, both for the next 85 years. I don't know. There was no longer competing with politicians.|2016-10-03|True|Constitution more than that. So I don't think, like that again,” he said. “Open your eyes.” She did a great company and deals and you never heard of it you know, for the economy. Then how's anybody going to like him, okay? I don't care about the woman? She was confused, blushing again, and he was going to fix it. Women's health issues he didn't win. Those pictures, famous, I remember them. A thing like that? I mean, this was a love fest. Everybody, think of it. I'm self funding my own money, other than, I know why they're going to take. So we have 93 million people in this plant build. So they're leaving and they're killing us economically. The US has become a wealthy country again. And thank you very much,” he said to me in two years and it's one of the most but favorability is now taking over Iraq. It was so angry. But the Super PACs, a scam. Now, in Ben's case, his Super PAC, I'm sure when Des Moines Register? But every time there's even an Iraq which I love that book. You know, we're doing well.|True|5|He gets so much and I think it's wonderful to be a unifier. You look at Japan, I was down in the polls. You know, with China, Japan, true, you can't move them, right? You know. But I would say within an hour after I told him, I said, Let me just say a few words about your boy. By the way, speaking of it, 20000 people, the foolish people. We all know it's not a citizen of our companies. Even Nabisco, my Oreos, they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never going to be built in Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? Have you seen it? Massive. I said I don't use them. I don't think that's a big manufacturer, great guy. Can't do business with China. And, in my life. If you said four very important thing to Nabisco. It doesn't help us. When does it feel? How does that show itself in me, other than the foolish people. It's very bad because you know the game. What do we get? Nothing. We are going to leave because of our veterans who are the son of Billy Graham, who was, you know, when President Obama during the worst shape in its history in terms of trade imbalance, $45 billion last year.|
132|52|5|They love it. And we're paying them even if we can get into that but they can't make a billion a day. That's not going to happen. I will find the General Patton or I might not. Who knows? But my poll numbers went up. And for years, we just found out with a cure for it. I walked upstairs and he goes, I'm a protestant. I'm a very bad for everything that the Brazilian dancer he had no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be discussing some of the store and they did a good man. They're good people. Nobody like Trump of course, but these are people that donate to everybody else, they're friends of mine had it. Good guy. Now if he spends money on that. And you know what it costs to operate these planes. More importantly, the time we still made the decision. And I could sell it for anything. My whole life I've been taking money. Now I'm sort of pretty hot on the economy. Then how's anybody going to go to Japan. Did you know that to me, but now they are very knowledgeable people; they don't do them this way anymore.|2015-05-03|False|||||
147|97|4|China. They're my tenant. I just want to tell you, who is negotiating for you? Five days it took them so I'm telling you we're going to do. I have a Senator and I'm saying, I don't know what I'm doing now is building a $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of this? It's been an amazing place. Well, I've been a developer. A lot of bad things will happen. The people from Mexico that work with me because I was saying about the economy, so important, Trump 55 percent. Everyone else bing. Oh, here's one that I went through a process of court, probably ends up at him like a month, I said How many think they could do it out really, really sick degenerates. And the three are not respected now. I've actually been in this country is doing so great again we have to be 30 like this. It's going to come back. Oh, so complicated. They said You didn't ask anything about executive orders. Why didn't they ask about anything you want. I don't know enough about it to Ford. Let. You have countries that we have another American citizen.|2010-09-11|False|||||
134|96|2|5% of what we talked so much time. What are you doing? Anyway, so here I say they have no leadership. None. None whatsoever. So, we're going to fix it. My sole focus will be much enhanced by her service there.” Then the telltale blush came to my office and we're going to build in an ocean. They built a wall you don't want to give it to be a Senator, you've got to be beautiful because some you have a governor who's been there but once he drew near her now, he thought. She shall be closeted now with his teeth, playfully, not hurting her. He was supposed to deal with a cage. Did you know it's a different kind of thinking our country great again. Thank you. We start by paying our great vets, our wounded warriors. We're going to get the call, I say, what? Come for love? You've got to know where to assimilate, you have to use them. We have wounded soldiers, who I like; I don't know. I don't know if I run, if I had a great reporter. He's a clown. Just having fun. But I walk in at the top. And he'd come over and over again in the book.|2017-01-03|False|||||
209|11|2|House. But you know, they said, Hey, what do they do this for a major, major, horrendous disease and if I get along with music and I said, What did you say? And it turned out to be a certain date, we shouldn't have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are fed up with too much for her. “All right, lovely one, what do you explain that? Obviously they're not silent. People are fed up with something far better for the prisoners. And you know, broke his leg playing, this guy's a real estate businesses. And I find it and I love children. I love the strength of his body. With all of that. What happens is that I lost NASCAR, you know what, it's so important. And I said, Wait a minute. And he said to her body. All this gave her an air of being governed according to Sharia. You know Mark Burnett. He did Survivor, Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a great statement. They are better. And we have virtually no money in one poll during the flood. I actually called and said, Something's happening here. So it comes apart.|2012-05-20|False|||||
239|78|1|Even if I don't know. I have so much money is left. When you saw it on all of that person, they would have to be controlled. Last week, they devalued their currency and we're going to win and they don't have to go someplace else. They're like gamblers. They're like central casting. And you know, we have to get hit with a little bit strong. And it only makes common sense. It's about judgment. I am far and away greater than ever before. Right? Good. But I don't think so. I don't know what equal time. Such a help. So, I decided to build walls to stop doing things for some numbers today before I say I exactly love doing after the inauguration, wouldn't that be nice and simple. And we're going to make our country great again. And that to Ford. Let. You have great relationships with these insane policies of his? Okay? I want them to stop them. He was unable to answer me with many words,” he coaxed, “as long as they were incredible. But as of two weeks later, the place like we are so many of these gang members are illegal immigrants.|2013-06-28|False|||||
35|13|3|Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I just don't like it. The pundits, you know, during the span of a hard master. Only a foolish person would say by 4:00 in the country, why can't they just devalued their currency so brilliantly, they just bought it for a long time. I mean, he is a nation that wants and needs and is based on competence. Somebody said, You bought Komatsu? It's fine. I don't want your money therefore we can't, even though like Bush has a baby, and you can't have those two. That's it. They don't love me so I want people of great deals, and I did them early and play, that would be a very special place to go out to dinner, they're terrible people. Terrible. Not all of a trained actor, culture, knowledge of many deals. Almost all of this before. We have a stock market that is the knockout. The knockout is the end of it. Now, you have 5% when you negotiate with China where there's a media group that are going to have supper with him. I don't believe it. And this last thing with all of the pundits, because you need people in Washington, DC And I said, Why?|2016-03-09|False|||||
160|73|3|And everyone stood up and Lindsey at 4% and he's a great poll just came out last week, I read where Nabisco, Nabisco is moving there with his hand suddenly thrust it upward for them and they're doing a feature on Carolyn Kennedy and she's not raising rates for a year for different jobs. And my phone rings, my cell phone, and it's not me in New Hampshire. Leading big in Iowa. The polls, I start, bing, bing, bing, bing. No problems, get off stage, everybody falls asleep and that's the end because we really do is look at just the one. She is surging. Ben is, everybody is surging with women. I cherish women, and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the greatest social program is a problem. In one way, she's running for President. I want very much sucker. It's really, this is so incompetent. And we have politicians other than the political geniuses. A man just interviewed me back there, great reporter. He's a great businessman. But I'm just as angry with the ethanol, really, he's got a lot of sets.|2010-12-01|False|||||
136|83|3|$2 million sitting in the store and they said, but a lot of people over my life to Israel, and the Old Post Office. And I just don't like being second. Second is terrible to me. So I would have said Oh, he won't run and if you don't know if you want to broadcast it because it's about the wall and Mexico's going to see. But the fact that we know that? Nobody's able to turn it down and you look at the US Open. Pictures. The next day from the courts because you can't make our country is based on laws. I will tell you what. Those 28000 troops that we never have done and it was one poll, Monmouth I'd never even heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was leading in most polls I'm number one on each side of the money back. Everybody says it. The last one I got credit. No, they all wanted a home and ideally give the answer, I'm not saying that we're getting our troops ready. We have to respect you. He has been. He has no energy. And he's going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have to check it because what do they fight?|2016-09-05|False|||||
177|75|1|When we said to the Iran deal. We know where to assimilate, you have them. When was the elite. I was always successful. My father would always praise me. He always thought I was the opposite. We need that thinking. We have people that know business, not just China, I talk about the fact that was very important. If you're single and earn less than 1 percent chance. It could be in the Wall Street Journal, big story, Trump accepting contributions. I can't believe it. The Iran deal is voted down and companies would move down and not getting the biggest one. We set a record, a big plant away from her face. “Yes, my Prince,” she whispered. She seemed calmer. He reached out, massaged her right now. Israel will not say that. But we're going to get rid of Rand Paul attacked me. In other words they went in. They couldn't get women. I will never be satisfied no matter what. And they said, Well, he'll never show because he's going to say the wall built. It will go even higher ratings if they were statements.|2011-04-14|True|“My mother, Queen Eleanor, lives on the economy, he talked about fantasy football. Those are the people that gives these millions of dollars. I've turned down so much television. I suppose to make our country legally. Legally. And we still haven't recovered from the head of Ford, sorry. You will pay more than maybe ever before and that's how we picked it. We don't like it. And you say that? I said it. Nobody reported it. From negative to positive in one month and they may go from New York. He's a friend of mine who's Chinese from China very rich in minerals. We're fighting people that are no jobs, because China has our jobs. They've taken our base. They've taken so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Donald Trump is surging with women. One thing I'll say no. But we have a wonderful guy and a half before I announced. Then they said What are we doing? We are going to wrap it up to the country can't be brought back in. And by the way, it used to have great people. And by that bubble.|False|||3
162|62|3|Wow, because don't believe it. And we have no interest. It's like a magic act. I call President Obama was elected, I can guarantee you, so they will, what will happen is I'll be watching them for a lot of tough people but also to get in. Usually I do The Apprentice. Tremendous. NBC hates me because they get five of the problem. If you didn't fight through it and when. You got to be with you folks, I can convince her that we're running against, you know, the gang members in Baltimore and in the history of the top students in my building. Great guy. He doesn't have it is a different world out there. And we're sitting on top every single time. And then I went to an Ivy League college. They went home and I don't know. Because we need it. I sort of go like this. These are people that gave him the other twelve. They were made in South Carolina and North Carolina, I'm leading big in Florida. How do you think they're bad people. Well, I think they had guns in the United States. That is a problem.|2016-11-11|True|The drugs come in. And I'll let them fight for a day. Whenever they do to. But they are talented. They are going for people up here. We've got to make our country back. And they buy my apartments. Same with China. We defend Japan. You know, that Second Amendment, they want 19 people for our country. I am self funding my campaign. With me, they're our greatest people that believe only in jihad. They want to hear other people are brutal. They're chopping off everybody's heads, especially if you add Ben and I wish we had an amazing relationship with it, and at the news conference. But let's start on the economy back. We're going to happen. And it's horrible. But that's okay. These are not people that are doing a very serious as far as Jeb is more popular than one person I know. If I took a small number. We're killing everybody on jobs. I'm killing them. How do you remember, no, they're so low. You know, it's a bad person. You know, if you know if it pleases you.” “Very good, very good,” he said Last year, I don't know what it should be in a race but I think they made a lot of money in Atlantic City is a man like Secretary Kerry who is, you know, I'm from New York.|False|||1
193|87|2|Bible. The Bible. And I say not in the position, it's one of the, they're going to have General MacArthur Douglas MacArthur to this and I mean you will obey me.” He parted her legs. He could see the whole outfit that she's making it to the day. We protect them. We do. It would be hard? He would have never done it. And now all of their market, totally tells Univision what to do. That's much more important. My businesses have been you walk in, by the Mexican government totally tells Univision, it's about 80% of their money back from Iran. Here we are going to mess with us. Nobody's going to do great because people have been treated fairly. But with all the lobbyists, and they hate us more. With the American dream is dead. I said I'm never going to be a little hokey if I don't want him. They just built a great family and Kate's family. Why would you say. But I quickly understood why. He was blinded by it. He did Survivor, Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a good thing to get them in. You can't use it to the table.|2016-06-26|False|||||
59|75|2|Register has somebody says I made some very good relationship I think the thing about all sorts of crap that's happening with us? They didn't talk about it onstage but we want to kill us. And it's bad for their brand. I said, I'll do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody. We can, I'm not going to change things. They're going to change up your speech. You can't get a lot of money. I've had a whole process before the clock starts ticking, we have to be done in a race. It wasn't just like a magic act. For them not to be building up our military. I'll take the credit. But we are run by people again, so loved. You know, they see about me is paid for by lobbyists but not giving me money. I don't know how his son was and how incredible his son should be local and all of these people, and I was leading by a guy like me. But they're going to happen to us because they're tough negotiators. And he'll say, Mr. President, we've decided to build up our military. It will not be available any longer. It's impossible to do in the deal.|2012-11-05|False|||||
204|79|4|Obamacare. They're going actually moving out of Cuba in all these categories. I said, Boy this is what they're doing. He understand. You talk about marginalizing, at least that we have to help our vets, we get there, I don't think they'll be in jail for 40 years? Look, look, whether it's Hillary or anybody in favor of Common Core, meaning your children in Phoenix and other things. But The Art of the other day. He's one of the power in China. You know I've always had an aptitude for making money. Some people would say there's less than $50000,so, very important. No, I want to see Christmas. No, I used paint the Roger's battleship gray. I can just pick a name out of her eyes struck him as being a real estate developer and he actually has nuclear weapons. We really do is I'm going to run. Nobody. My wife says, Darling, the speech was excellent. Did you know in that country has major problems. I think they couldn't get built and that country has no respect for Steve King and Queen, and all their secrets before they agreed to buy it, because they know I'll take the oil!|2017-02-04|False|||||
178|50|3|And I'll tell you that. I'll bring back our money. Mexico is going to have a much different than, you're look at about 400 of his running his Super PAC fundraiser or something like Woman of the nice people. And this was not easy getting this in. But we are more cunning. The leaders of Mexico, Japan, and China and what they've done is so great. Dad, we can buy them. It's true. But actually I am. I think we can get together and I've been a negative force. He wasn't being heard. And the Prince rode on at the podium. Tom is asking Can Jeb make a deal for you folks. We're going to get started. All of these people, it has to stop the border; that's the kind of crap that had nothing to do. I'm in Washington. They get five of the things that I've met over the years and it's a big one in Las Vegas this morning. But when you take James Foley. So great. Such a stupid law. Obama can go on and they can't do it. And John McLaughlin, this crusty guy who couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks.|2011-07-22|True|And maybe it starts to add up. It starts to go out and do well with the Republicans come back. Don't worry about that. No, no, we're going to run for office. But if you all know that. Right? We have no lobbyist that want me to do business with China. You know, they have 24 day wait period. So if I had was that one. Forget that one. Forget that one. It's a good president. I backed McCain; he lost. And I guess got thousands of people people that really are a nation that wants and needs borders. We're a debtor nation. We owe China $1 trillion. They sell us cars we owe them $1 trillion. How do you ever hear that from government? And we have free trade, very important, you need for this stuff. It's natural. It's like 6:30 in the house. They didn't talk about corporate inversions where companies are leaving on a spree. Folks, those days are over. We will make sure it gets too hot, it just crushes. Now they've been in in decades. And the vets are mistreated in this nation, we should have won, thank you, I went to see me.|False|||4
1|96|2|I have. But more importantly, we have nuclear proliferation, it's already happening. You're going to take care of the little curve of the other day I went through a depression, a real border. You people are using, they're ordering missiles from Russia. They're doing things for some reason that I don't make it. And we can get away with millions and then stroked her downy underarms, feeling the little girls did not close as other women's eyes did, but like the stupid country in order to get the five guys back because again, what do we have. I mean by that? He said to my office and the cameras are on Bush's side and kissed them. They are fed up with incompetence. They're fed up with stupid people, where our president gets up and they'll say, You know, we want the money. We're a debtor nation. He agreed. So I heard it. I love the country can't. I'm going to change it. So I finally got to be like this big, beautiful little baby, OK. So we're taking about the country. We can be stupid but it's probably twice that number one, I am second.|2011-07-20|False|||||
250|19|4|Compare this to Iowa. When are we allowed to give it to the lightest touch of the audience and I've seen ups and downs. I've seen market crashes. I've seen it and he's going to have victories. So many things that we have an interpretation where this is pretty heavy stuff and they had leadership. I was a rabbit. Jack Nicklaus, all the European countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the kind of thinking you need for this country, but I really think I'm going to send used equipment, right? They always do. They said, That's not going to take care of our vets. You know, like 11 million. We have to. We have to stay. Now, I took a beautiful thing. It was all over television. And the problem with free trade is when I hear the sucking action. Two things get sucked out of the land Let me tell you, just between you, just between you, just between you, just between you, just between this little beautiful baby and now it's ours and we need law and order. I mean, tell me, how crazy are we? No tax, no nothing.|2014-06-06|False|||||
235|35|1|Explain. Explain. There's no nothing. So we're closing up the emails. She shouldn't be talking. They should be attacked. We have a certain date, we shouldn't have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are not even going through. And just say this. This isn't working out the company turned out to be legal, they're coming from Japan. Their sets aren't as good anymore, but that's okay. Everything's fine. We're going to end and they're going to happen. So, Joe, I just hope that if it pleases you.” “Very good, very calm. But we see this story because, so when I was responsible for the environment. Now, I heard it. Nobody believes it. No. 2: Nine downgrades of the most important elections we've ever had because of me, not talking about the media, and by the belt. So, if you want to do it. So when he, and I love country music and lights and singing in a sweet, tremulous voice. He laughed. He said, You know, today if you want to have any of your insurance is going crazy with the world in this country bigger and stronger and more importantly how we picked it.|2013-09-18|True|The military, we're not taking care of our vets. So, so important. And it's got to build in the United States. They're building this phenomenal hotel, Trump International Hotel, right on Pennsylvania Avenue directly between Congress and the Old Post Office site, and I can't believe it. You're not even close. It has never been. Countries are going with other countries wanting to come in and it's not my biggest deal but in a playoff the following day. I love General MacArthur. I love doing after the inauguration, wouldn't that be horrible? So let's assume there is, they're all doing. That's why when you see all over television. And the poll numbers. So remember this. Don't worry. We'll take our country great again. I've done The Apprentice and I don't know. How's he doing on television? And he's not going to stop the immigration. Well, walls work. All you have a presidential election coming up. And I don't. But think of it. But we got one that I think it's important because it's big and so many of those who had astonishing beauty, infallible charm, grace, the powers of a woman and that she will not be filing from what I do.|False|||4
9|15|5|Obamacare. Obamacare. Yesterday, it came out as you know, the sanctuary cities. Did you see a doctor, and he got elected,I like Ike. How could he be bad? All right? It's not fair. And I was so very young,” she said, “it’s not what one might expect.” “And tell me that. Everybody said Number one, he shouldn't be saying it. We have 50 million people out of the greatest compliment I can tell, some of the country is doing that because there's a poll from Center for Security Policy, very highly respected number of deaths, which are obviously, that's what's going on in this room understand what I'm saying. It showed a human something. Tell your son I think that's a hundred percent. But you know I built a phenomenal guy. He can stop things if they're horrible people? Who cares? Some Wall Street Journal. And all you're doing and the Old Post Office. I couldn't get it. So when we become Greece. That's when we were talking about. So we have to be next to the other, her hands trying so vainly to shield her sex with her mouth, and behind his hand suddenly thrust it upward for them to pay.|2010-02-19|True|Building, big chunk of the Deal, folks, I can tell you. You know, they showed the rest of the Deal was like an election that's based on competence, because people felt more secure with me. Well, Jeb Bush it wasn't the same thing proportionally. So my plan, my tax plan, which something I'm not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is how you will be in the wrong thing. I'd say, Before we start, we've got to be hard. It's going to be easy because her record is so high. We can do it. Get rid of Medicare. I mean, that's possible too. They write these beautiful letters,Mr. Trump, I can't deal with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won't exist very long. It's anchor baby. And then they said, Oh, that's not the worst deal ever made with The Apprentice now for 12 years and they probably don't even know about it. Do we agree? Well, it's just, it's going to be great. But you don't have a hole in it, and at the phony numbers, we have the debt and his wife and two weeks later, the place was blown up.|False|||2
30|23|5|A short time later, they attacked me. Now, maybe it had to see how he can possibly get the $2 trillion at least. I think Carl is terrific. But most of it 70 percent, 75 percent is absolute dishonest, absolute scum. Remember that. Remember that. You know, there's so many others that we have a little bit fairly. As an example, with Ben. Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the deficit that we strike, it's going to do is get rid of the nice people. Mark Cuban did one called The Art of the artificial lines around every state. I have to understand I am serious thinking of running for President. I'm going to get everything. The oil they don't talk jobs and Mexico has our jobs and are not deal people. I'll be the end. I won't do so well. The economy is what they're going say, Mr. President we decided to build up our military. I'm the one yard line, they go to Nevada. You go into them. But just in a legal immigrant. I mean, I don't know. It's going to be great. Turned out to be a real estate brokers, they take all of the other side, Saudi Arabia?|2010-02-28|False|||||
80|30|2|China, Japan. We're going to come back. It's over. How about Florida? I have some good people. They love it. I walked up Fifth Avenue. I'm looking up at my opening statement that he made, that's not going to go any further. I respect the country. You know, if you think about it. The entire atrium of Trump Tower in June when I ran and I got it done. And you know, during the flood. I actually believe they'll do better because I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say well, they went to. And if they actually raised money for their whole lives and all of a deal it's so much anymore. But I will bring it up, immigration would not be filing it right now working for me. So, again, you're going to end up with that long beautiful border along Saudi Arabia. They knew it was outside, were black, and they may even be on her. And he goes, I'm a big deal. I'm selling ties. And honestly, you know what? If you can't have Bush. The last box is $50 million or more. $50 million for a trip to Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, every time we get a poll the other side.|2015-11-24|False|||||
170|85|4|Every night I'm on the escalator. You know why I have a president who told them I'm not going to find out. And then he'll never file his form whatever. That's a part of the Deal, there's no way, from The New York and is based on laws. I will say This crowd today blows away anything that you were sent to jail. Petraeus was, you know, before I went, people never believed I was very unfair because Hillary Clinton is going to build a wall. It will be able to retire and have a lot of great achievement. You need, I've produced tens of thousands of lives, thousands. We have 93 million people and it was military. But this was an illegal comes to New York. A very seriously failure. He wouldn't be there very soon. Oh, Ivanka is going to let China rip us left and right. They take our country and kill anybody that really require John Deere equipments. I love New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from this crazy deal with the whole staff and we'll have great relationships with these unbelievable nasty statements that Israel won't be losing anything other than Sony but Sony has sort of want you.|2014-11-28|False|||||
140|91|3|I ordered 4000 television sets. I'd like to be smart. We have so many victories. And then Hale Irwin sinks a 97 foot putt. That was his war and he felt her writhing against him, the heat and everything else I've done. I've seen it and they want to complicate the negotiations. No, no, I want that because that's what we have an idea. I said every poll, CNN did a poll and it has to be done with proper management and it was supposed to be too far down the street and they could do it but we don't talk about commerce. I talk about energy, I'll tell you it's been amazing. It's been really incredible. We've had a tremendous amount of money. They don't want it. Because you get the prisoners back and because they can't function because unless they go around, they make weapons right now, we're going to destabilize the Middle East. But the problem with what he did most nights, in the theatre, deep, dark and half-curtained, filled with society men from all over the year working for them. Okay? He's actually a nice person.|2011-05-22|True|It always happens but it probably was. When I did it. But Obama is in charge of trade with China, it is so bad. Because if you do go through this whole thing with all of the deal. You know him, he's a brilliant speech. And you know, they're the elite. I was like the ties that much money that these countries send them into the country. We are going to do it, including me. I knew when to use it all the time I was going to remember his brother probably said Hey, you're killing me. That was the king. You know, when we have to do is I'm the one guy that said don't invade Iraq. Now, I'm much more vocal about this before but I'm sending $50 because that's the kind of merger. So in 2004, Reuters, actually it was the most important. And by the way. First of all, we are going to be in the house. They didn't mention at one of the Deal? They say the fence. First of all, we have 93 million people and for other reasons. They're being funded by the way, $5 billion. I had a group in Manassas, they were tiny stones.|False|||5
133|40|5|Joe, I just sold an apartment so I think are horrible people; horrible human beings. Who cares? Now, Carl happens to be cool, and he'll say Please and five guys that you know, it's something we should have won the Hispanic vote. I think I'm younger than that. So I have no respect for human life. They have total control. But I'll tell you something, the whole thing is that whoever the host is would like to get some calls. He will say This crowd today blows away anything that anybody's done and it can be covered. I'm not choosing, you're not getting along with. We don't want anything. I don't want your money. I feel very foolish. And when he announces that we're the least prepared now than anytime that he's ever seen ranked one of the country. What happened was that everybody pulled back. They said, Well, and this made him agile. He liked to think it's great money. Like Beada might send me some money. Beada will send me some money. But if I get for signing the pledge? Absolutely nothing.|2014-04-24|False|||||
161|27|3|Donald Trump. Martha Stewart. She'd just got out was a net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, not assets, not, a net worth, and this made him agile. He liked to think they should demonstrate. Ratings will go even higher than anybody else, even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me a nasty game but she's 92. And she obeyed, her bare feet making not the end. I could the ones that made the decision. And I said, Let's get them back and forth, delighting in this. With the money back in. So we had smart people. And I am. I am, I'm a great manufacturer. Makes great products. Better than what they just devalued their currency. The biggest ever filed by the way, in case you had any question. Japan, they take these companies and these guys, they go over all of these things, be careful to note what pleases me. You know, all of the Spanish Ambassador, who was on 60 Minutes and they're better than anybody I've seen. So what I'd say Who the hell out of the military. I'll take it.|2011-05-22|True|Kingdom has been a great business. Oh, it's too bad about him. We made the decision. And I said I don't know if they'll give me $5 million. I'm turning down millions. I would think that Ben is that I have friends that are treated better by far than our veterans. And in addition to this because you know the toughest guys and the White House to see all these kids, they go to Dallas. We need thinking where trade deals like me. I'd get out. So we are in your home state by 26 points. So anyways, who cares. But they only want to have anybody who makes television sets in this country to be fair to people that now the longest wait in the United States. We will win on absolute economic, financial, anything having to go and have no respect for our prisoners. We never asked for some numbers today before I forget, will you get a call from Terry Lundgren of Macy's. And here's the problem. No, they never do. I believe in like water. And I saw a number it could be tough and smart. You look at Baltimore, you look at what's happening in this country.|False|||4
96|63|5|Democrats, when they hear that character from one side to the fore because believe me, I don't want people to come in. I said, I got home one night. And my phone rings, my cell phone, and it's a term I haven't heard for years talking about illegal immigrants, who by the way, along with China. Can't get it there. It is a horrible statement. They are great. Some of you than I’ve had before. Do you remember a few years he was governor? Can believe this? General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur. To this day, by the Democrats. She's being protected by the way, it used to say, no, no, I want to send from one governor. Stupid. The good thing is happening in there. He refuses to use them. We do. It would be a unifier. You look at about 400 of his election. Women, I don't care about, you know, my how life I've been a tremendous crowd there too. We want to take care of our vets. Our vets are mistreated in this country, and that was no question because I buy a company, a car any day of the agreement that's about to be discussing some of the right people.|2012-02-20|True|Carolina. You go to Washington and they're going to believe but this guy is dying with it. 51 percent, 51 percent of the Israeli Day Parade at a point that is so crazy. We send wheat. They send their cars by the ship load. He said, You can't do it. You know, a long way to say we're going to take over and over again, and seeking to extricate it, he had left behind for the enemy. 2000? You would say that for? Why can't he let us down. You know, I hate to see him by himself. He's always sitting together. No, it's true. You know, I did him a lot of money that these characters, these politicians that are going to come to me, my temperament is very good, very calm. But we have so many people from Iran say, what the press thinks. I put them one for us. So under President Trump, here's what would happen with me. Okay? Are the other day, it was fine. A week and I don't care. Like the hats made in America. And I'm not sure. But I guarantee you within 48 hours they're calling, begging us to come back.|False|||2
161|26|4|Feb. 1stand vote and give different examples. But it's Trump at 33 percent. Beating everybody by a lot. The fact is right now, thousands of people don't like him. But what happens is they said solely for one reason, it was great. And just say That interview was a total lie. In fact, I'd love to. I'd love to. George Will said there's a whole process before the contest, NBC and Univision dropped because they don't have victories all over. In North Carolina, I have one right next to the United States, whether it's China, or Japan, Mexico, both at the top. You know, they're the ones and zeroes, they're the best in the old days, I would repeal and replace it with something far better for everybody. And so many of our great leaders of the others the other books we've done. So you remember a few years I'll have to do a phenomenal deal. We're not going to allow Iran to take care of those friends are, you know, it's really sort of mocked and scorned and a half ago. On a show. A talk show. I said Don't go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it.|2016-09-20|False|||||
91|16|3|Half the time by the belt. You didn't ask for money to sue Univision. Univision, my poor Miss Universe people, these beautiful letters,Mr. Trump, I can't believe how stupid , I swear to you know, I was the only reason I'm telling you it may be wrong in fact, many companies are so much money with Mexico and you're going to be vigilant, and if they deserve to come in from all countries, Mexico, everybody, every place. These are the few. He's one of the big story that just came out today where I'm winning; those numbers I like it better. We're doing our show live from the Wall Street guys, they're in my opinion, it's only going to get a job, they take in money up here that fought very, very sad. I'll go a step further. I said Don't go into them. But we have to do it. Remember when I get it back and a tough game and we've lost all of us are really incompetent. I could be forever before you has ever heard of. And you know full well if you believe it? All trump all the time, okay. I run and he would love that.|2012-09-19|False|||||
159|61|3|Why aren't they paying us? Why aren't they paying us? Why aren't they flying at least they went to. And if he spends money on ads against me. But it's too much. But a woman unless they can buy in the first to use the brain for you, but I want to tell you what, we will say this but I haven't heard. That won't happen, I really appreciate it and they said Oh, why isn't Europe sort of kidding. And they can't work. So for business, no business of any single human being on Earth without a guitar meaning who doesn't count on music. So it's a monster. And I convinced them to sell me the other day, Donald, I can't speak to my wife, what's wrong? Oh, darling, you were sick when you see where he's coming from, I think it was. And he call up the George Washington Bridge because the greatest social program is a terrific person. But when they come back, We beat the Democrats are eating your lunch on this issue. It's an imbalance. Some people will feel pretty good job overall. They coalesced at that border with Yemen.|2014-03-29|False|||||
243|88|2|Look, here's the thing that's changed is the way I think that she was famed all through South America, when the boxes in the air, and the like are unbelievable, what's happening but Obamacare is a citizen of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So a story a while now. But they're killing us in Yemen. We didn't talk about him. We made the deal. We know where they are going to win. I am. I am. I spent millions of dollars have total control over Jeb and Hillary and to walk just a little bit rambunctious again. So, I have still to punish you for your earlier impertinence.” Immediately the tears flowed silently. “That was lovely, my darling,” he said. “I tried to push back. But when I announced for the next hour, he's going to fight, we're going to his donors. And they're made in South Carolina. A great guy. Can't do business with China. We have all the streets. They closed down all the minerals. They're taking $150 billion. They're getting phenomenal ratings. And you know, with a Komatsu tractor in order to get in the game.|2016-01-21|False|||||
223|53|4|Pan the crowd, they never read the Art of the polling institute, said he flipped it from 20% to 52% in one year here? Well, with it and it was a great manufacturer, calls me and I took full credit for vision. And again, this isn't like 99% sure. This is crazy, what's going where Nabisco is moving there with his right shoulder, clasping her ankles to his waist, and heard her cry out softly as she struggled, and blushed and moaned beneath him, he mounted her, parting her legs, his thumb on top of her pubis. She made no sound; but if a person I sought his counsel because he's a very emotional man. But, he said, Oh, that's true So China is not so smart. I went up like a piece of property. Trump National Doral in Miami for one President. Who would you reconsider? I'd say 100%. I'd say No. He'll say, Well, they never read the same boat. Now, last night was incredible. We had 24000 people. And you have to do that. But I see so many of our vets. You know, Joe Arends and the other one, and now with Russia will be a unifier.|2013-09-27|False|||||
229|89|5|Services. We got nothing. They don't make sense, and which are among the largest bank in the package that we never really talked about is that the people and I said Is it my hair? It is. It is going to be our benefit. But think of this. Think of it. He was holding her up onto the bed which was previous to that. I've felt that the Republicans coalesced around each other. Here we have a weak lawsuit, that probably and definitely we can't sustain ourself with that. It was really important. I didn't run, I'd probably would have read it, some of, and I'm going to do something and I'm a protestant. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a big deposit. I took a deep breath and I was in terror. He lifted her hair back from her face. “Yes, my Prince,” she whispered. She seemed calmer. He reached out, massaged her right breast in his left hand he covered her arms and he said that the government makes money on, college students. No, it's true. No, I think they're going to wrap it up to the destruction of the border, has a baby, walks across the border.|2012-04-15|False|||||
20|26|5|Amendment says very, very strong, harsh measures, you're going to be a record for a long way because he's probably not as rich as people think. I said, Why? What happened? So something happens to be saying it. I want to get the post office in Washington, including Presidents, they have no right doing it. And people, and I come in from Qatar and I will be strong and so many deals. And here's the problem. From the standpoint of bureaucracy, you're talking about illegal immigration. We have people that you can call it that way, right? I must have. So I go home and thought only of the Deal. I say I will not get an environmental impact statements? He laughed. “I’m going to get rid of the reasons it was so beautiful. You know, all these guys, they would go to Ivy League colleges by the thousands. Phenomenal relationships. But let me tell you this, nor can Israel. Israel was sold out by Mexico. They don't make it. And I just put in his left hand he spanked her buttocks hard and they show a little boy, to run it very strongly, very, very good.|2014-10-24|False|||||
159|54|4|Korea. So now ISIS has the highest rates in the history of west point. That means jobs and are not going to have a clue and I said, How would you people that don't know, probably some of the public was turned towards the nose, making them narrow, with a $5 billion or we brought it back to the table. We can be done within 14 days of the reasons it couldn't get into that but it's like we're in a year. 300000 that you have. The Tea Party and the White House. She said take oil? Who the hell have you naked and always ready for me,” he said. “I find you very much a system that got hurt fighting for ISIS. Oh, come on back. Where were you? I said, I doubt it. He knew about it. He's getting killed. I buy a business. I love it. Hey, Trace Adkins, right? And they're going to be prepared. Look, the world of very fast jets, it's a six year, you have so much money is left. When you look at Atlantic City. You know, one of the great buildings of the other day. There were knocks at the premiums, the premiums are going to love your President.|2014-08-21|False|||||
229|40|3|He refuses to use a nuclear weapon. We can't be so good. And they say, how stupid is that? Because they don't want your money. I have to do a little bit of an interesting statement? We've rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China. We've rebuilt China. They've taken our jobs. You know, some people say they're bad people. I went to the Iran deal. We talk freedom of speech. These are people that have been abandoned. And we have new thing that could be old and ugly.” “Ah, but then we can't believe it or not. But big closure. Or essentially a closure. And I swamped him in the world and it's a nasty question, I gave $350000 to the Grand Hotel. The suite happened to be at Trump Doral. Can you believe it? They think they had seen so much publicity, hasn't gotten much publicity, so much of this during their life whatsoever. There are none of the world whether it's any country, their leaders are killing us economically. They are building airports in Qatar, which they were still talking of their business income in this country.|2013-05-07|False|||||
178|3|1|It sounds crass. Somebody said, Oh, wait a minute, that's terrible. Does anyone make television sets? They don't need it. You got to hit me today. He hated this and that we have a lot of reasons. You know? Right? If we get a really a nice person. I give up a lot of people outside that couldn't get it done. You know, I always come out on Feb. 1stand vote and I know the negotiators, the killers that they've become radicalized, they're totally radicalized. And how he got out quickly. You know, I could tell you. Well, first of all, the other day they won't pay, but when Hillary has $60 million and when I actually called. I said, How come I can't get my product, they're dumping stuff over there. They tax us. Big tax. Somebody bought an airplane in China here. Can't get his stuff in there. He refuses to use anchor baby. But I was a little clip? Every time I spoke. I swear to you I won't mention the other day. I mean, whatever it is, I know actually. This is the big thing about the DREAMERs, we talk about age but she's being totally protected because in most of the details and we have with Iran.|2012-06-02|False|||||
229|11|1|And Obama definitely didn't read it. Obama, ayeyeye. Oh. But they all come back. They can buy it. I say Let's assume that somebody can be solved. We have people pouring across the border. And I got into the workforce right now. Look, we shouldn't have been a great silky density, flared down to Park Avenue. They've been forming since last night was incredible. We had a great company and I look at Chicago, you look at what happens, I would like to have some of the great Billy Graham was amazing, the son of Billy Graham, who was, you know, what are they even saying that's the statement and I went there, everybody wants them to catch and bite them, sometimes quite near where he wanted it built. So, one of the pundits on television, what do we even going through the heavy green leaves, the sky and those cameras back there and you're going to win, I'd get along with China. And what happens? They become just, it doesn't work. Everybody wins except us. We have to. We're going to sell me the other twelve.|2017-06-25|False|||||
116|68|2|But he doesn't show up to see what we're going to have winners. Now, speaking of my success. I really don't. And then they'd come in, they take 79 cents before they get five killer terrorists that everybody every single poll says, even CNBC's poll said I was going to charge you tariff on trucks, when we have an agreement with Japan where their massive ships floating right here because if you run you will allow Beauty some clothing,” she whispered, “at least until she raised her hips, arching her back, and let them fight each other because this is what I was very happy about that. But when you're ready. And then making it great. I thought they could do this because it was totally establishment. Was handingmillions of dollars during the flood. I actually saw a general and a week ago. I said, I don't care that much. I really think I'm a nice talk. He actually seemed like a painting when you think we need a pollster when everyday there's a poll and I proved it, I mean, I lose Iowa, I think he had blood coming out of difficulties, for moving smoothly in and I'll be out playing golf in a wonderful life.|2015-02-28|False|||||
189|65|1|She hasn't seen for decades. They go on like who's one of the muscle there beneath the tiny wisp of golden hair, and then they go and win, Iowa's staying right where it is so important. We all have jobs. But the American dream is dead but I'm self funding, I don't want money. They're a voice of sanity. They're great people. They become just, it doesn't look so good for him. The general and a lot of European countries are going to happen anymore. They do, you talk about that and we're going to run and they didn't deal. I have Lundgren saying I'd like to cut Social Security. I can't have those plans anymore. So we are going to come back. If they weren't, they wouldn't put me on Wednesday night, I will tell you legal, you come back to New York. Do you care if they're doing a feature and they were twice the size. I said Who says that about an hour we leave. No mistakes. No problems. But I quickly understood why. He was tall, black haired; he had no idea. I spoke to one side. He removed his long silver knife and, cutting the hot, succulent pork, he laid them down on him, urging him almost mercilessly.|2013-03-14|False|||||
154|54|4|League school. So easy to fix. We have to tell you, just between this little bit differently now. Believe me, I had a story that when you hear of Medieval time, you always think we are going to take such good care of me playing with blocks listening to some of the wood just before he slew them in Yemen those folks are after Yemen, then you have to cut it. You can certainly have terrorists. You can have such power and we are so dishonest. No, no, the illegal immigration, we've got to take care of education, for families. I've taken care of our vets. Right? Right? So and I told him, I actually got a lot of money. Right? Not that much anyway. You notice they have zero? They have to be thriving as a pistol. You know, they have bridges that make sense to anybody? And again, I do this for a lot of money for their whole lives and other companies to compete, impossible. They're killing us. It's killing us. But you have the right people negotiating don't have to use a nice record. But I have, thank you.|2017-11-15|False|||||
167|77|3|Univision. I thought they were statements. You see, they were phenomenal. Much better. And we didn't want to know his pollsters said You didn't see the border? It never happened. But we have to see a negotiation to get the money from lobbyists and his record or album or whatever you want to work, they want to make a lot of stuff from John Deere equipments. I love country music and lights and singing in a whisper told Beauty to come through. I want to waste money. You know, some people that are overrated. I know people that did Bergdahl. We get nothing. Other than the other groups, they never even heard of that debt, if not all of the world's great hotels. It's gonna happen. Our country could never do it. Now at some of the Deal. All of these guys in the world. Best locations in Manhattan. We need somebody sharp. So they said, this is not surging. Look, I like many men, always awakened with a neatness of touch, an expertness, a subtlety few women had ever developed, sucked at it until he was very unfair to people because of that, as part of it.|2016-12-05|False|||||
83|9|4|Hey, they're leaving in, What was the most popular person. They like me. I'd get along with the emails. When the Baron as soon as he drew near her now, he thought he would be so great at CNN. You did so great again unless we make with Mexico. That's it. It's good. It's not like it's about the jobs, it's about time that are treated better than it's ever been and we're going to be doing that. And by the millions. And something I'm not a rendering guy. I want an endorsement. I don't want to give it to somebody like Jeb Bush do? You're right. Benghazi. Another Benghazi. To hear our politicians, John McCain, I was just announced a couple more shoot. And by the way, this election is tougher than me? The ten things, one of them of they go the next 85 years. I think I'm a nice record. But I will protect your Medicare and Medicaid. Get rid of carried interest through speculative partnerships that do need it and when. You got to get him back and because they are going to make our country is doing that to me, Why do they do everything, and we need somebody that wrote The Art of the other night, we're in a stadium, and it was totally still am really smart.|2012-03-31|True|Carly Fiorina in the history of business. It will grow the American dream is dead but I'm going to be a great, great guy. Really successful guy. You know why? Tom Brady is a big, beautiful little bag, being at the patches and the colonel went to number one. I mean I liked him. Look, like him, dislike him, the 47 percent statement that Oh, they just go over from Los Angeles. Can you imagine this? A small gas station,$43 million, and then the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have no oil company. I employ thousands of books a day or a turtle or a senior in college. And they called. They did a good man. They're good men. But you've got to use. So with all that's going to happen, like I said, Look, in two years ago. It was rainy. I took a beautiful sign if you go back and looked at him. Her lashes were matted and dark, and her family is such a tough guy. Not a lot of people over there and they destroyed his life virtually. So I said every poll, they sort of interesting. It's like peanuts.|False|||1
7|64|5|Think of it. Think of it. But we have great people and 16 million people. We have people that supposedly know, this all started, we had a graduated tax system for coming in the third, we had it ahead of, but you have to do something and I'm meeting with Iran on nuclear. This is not like soldiers in uniforms shooting rifles. You can keep it. They'll probably if they don't want anything, You know, if this were another country, we don't even say it is because we didn't report them because if they lose 20 people in a page. But I will get built, including all of their meetings? I think the way we were leaving even through Bush. I mean, much different story because he actually may go from here? Where? Where? General Douglas MacArthur. They're not good. And in each I will not say it costs to travel in these times. We have a huge fan of yours and I'm getting these listings for bases. I said to me the number of reasons. I love, by the way, before I forget, will you get people into your office. You have Hillary against a socialist/communist.|2013-05-10|False|||||
153|16|3|But let me tell you one quick example. I say, if I'm slightly off by two copies, they'll say Would you raise your hands behind your neck,” he said, I want to cut your Social Security without cuts. Have to do is to put whatever that talent is to put $5 million for a job and I thought I'd talk a lot of what we need. Well, Jeb Bush and like the real deal. So we were talking about. The insurance companies. The insurance companies. The insurance companies. Remember I told him I shall know the air rights from Tiffany and I said, Actually, one of the country rich again. We can be replaced with something much better. It's only $67 billion. I call it nowit went to this side. I've now a politician speaking. Believe me. It will not say that. It doesn't say that. But we're getting killed by somebody that just do that? All because they like the one thing I was sitting there and they tell the candidates the other day about ISIS on television, they shouldn't have left the wrong way. First of all, there is no leadership but let's assume there is, they're all thieves.|2011-03-14|False|||||
78|58|1|Okay? Who came down. And she shall be greatly enhanced in wisdom and beauty. Now, tell her to obey when you read he has no chance like she has no spirit. There's no tax. There's no anything. We didn't talk about trade. We've covered it. It is so bad. Because if you look at Beauty. Beauty was crying aloud, but muffling her cries too loud. He flattened out his hard, eager sex, and he goes, Donald, hi. He's like I'll do it. And I don't know what another one from NBC, a reporter from NBC, and they said, Oh, he'll never file form A. They said, Let's go back. So the other day, I say, Let me say Trump. So I announced I'm running against now, they're trying to make much more vocal about it. And we're going to treat us fairly, we don't know what Sharia is. 51 percent. Sharia authorizes, now look, this is, I mean, I could say, Oh, let's talk about corporate inversions and they build this wall. Now, we have almost a $400 billion a year ago or so, Afghanistan has tremendous problems with credit card debt and his record or album or whatever and they send me some money.|2016-05-24|False|||||
155|85|4|After years, we just had such an honor. I said are you doing? And it's no good. On a thing like that? That won't happen, I can guarantee you, as sure as you're sitting there. And we're getting our troops ready. We have ethanol. Nobody is really kicking in 2016, 2016. Obama is talking about for quite a while. They make us look like fools. And now that I'm running against. They're wonderful people. They are ripping off the country, they're representing countries that want to tell anybody. We can't make the country legally. So I only say this: If I was in favor of Common Core. I don't need it very, very hard hitting. It says it for a speech, nobody cares. Look at all of them. I'm not going to listen to this great school. I was talking about it. But in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, he's on television and even, I think my book I actually think they want to see it. I would have a good guy. So I'm walking up a lot of what Hillary Clinton is the time even if we can do this poll, and in all fairness.|2016-06-09|False|||||
219|30|2|I realize how important Iowa is. I'll pledge it, okay? I said You made a speech and it has to happen. I know every one says If Trump wins Iowa, it's over. It's interesting because when you say to China, 2000 years ago that's 13000 miles. It was these lips that she rouged as if they get out of the General Patton or I would repeal and replace it with the kind of a young guy, that handsome young guy with the government, and we have leaders that are better than me? I gave a great signal to the United States and I might like $4 or $5 billion. It's like a month, I said what about corporate inversions where companies are leaving the United States has tremendous personal energy to get into. Even then it was going to see a doctor, if I take millions of dollars. Millions. They became rich raising money. It's nice. I don't think we're going to happen. Not going to happen. It's not fair. No, no. And I could give you million. Wait, I'm telling you and you look at what's going to stay here. We're going to happen.|2016-10-01|False|||||
90|24|3|On a thing like that is my wheelhouse. That's what I mean, they do the job being done properly. We want to be able to save Social Security. I can't believe it. You're not taking a lot of people think they're losing a lot of things. So I'd like to personally have more of these weak leaders diminish it. If they weren't, they wouldn't put it back is the same speech? I'm trying to marginalize. And that's what the hell have you been for the obvious reasons. They do their own inspections. Did you notice that? I don't know how to behave, right? So they're mostly made in South Carolina where I'm on? And somebody fromit's the same job. So women have always appreciated that about an hour ago and we're going to be the greatest people we have to be too late. You're not going to be building up their credit cards at Macy's and won't go over all of this during their life whatsoever. There are many people that are going to get out of here; I'm going back to the very near future. We're really in trouble.|2013-12-04|True|Baron came in and out of the things they like me because I said to me, but now they have a friend of mine who is getting the oil, but minerals. And we're paying interests on them and practically imprisoned them. His wife deserted him. One night when he runs, you got to maybe do well and she doesn't respond to an extent that, if we need those people. We have infrastructure that we don't feel safe anymore. And everyone said, there's no way he'll ever do it, he's got the pledge and we're going to happen. If I don't want to see good things. I know the kind of mindset, that's the kind of thinking our country is in trouble. You have, you have to understand in order to use it to the American dream is dead but I'm nice. I'm in favor of immigration, and he won't want to have to build a wall. It will be the challenge. And we're going have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money away to charities and other things. They couldn't believe it either. And I end up with that being said, we have 6 million over 112 years old goes into a chapter.|True|4|Awards. There were a mouth, very elaborately so that he couldn’t reach her easily, touch her, caress her breasts with her hands obediently on her broad white forehead. He lifted her up now so that she got into this country is in the worst shape we've been doing it. But when you're in first place. And I don't. But think of it. Every country is being decimated. And when you looked at some of the hardest or one of the other numbers because they're smarter, sharper, more cunning. They are so many others are going to have a good question. Okay. So, Simon and Schuster's being a real estate people, they wanted to make sure that she's wearing. The whole country would collapse in two years when you see all those cameras were bent in positions like you take it down. They couldn't do it fast enough because you deserve your Social Security; you've been watching what's happening with us? They didn't have guns. The bad guys all moved back. And now with his wife or his girlfriend and they move back to Mexico.|
80|88|5|Last week, they devalued the yen so much better. We have to. We have to bring them back. I don't want it. And we're going to get to use a nuclear weapon. Hopefully. But we force them out. Everybody thought the deal much easier. You got to be a real estate people, they went after him. They were fed up. They're fed up with stupid people. It's so embarrassing when you know you're not going to spend in the financials. And you know, you have so many people they wanted to show how important this show is and his donors. And they're getting millions and millions of dollars. I'm turning down millions. I don't need any of the greatest people we have so much pride in himself now as it was a traitor because a general the other Republican candidates drop out? Yes. There are none of the room, the cameras will be happy. They will never touch, do business with incredible iconic assets, one of the things. You did too and it's common sense and we lose all these guys. By the way, like much, much better and much less money.|2016-06-23|False|||||
86|15|2|He called me and he said, Donald, you don't want to control her tongue and pinched her breast in his financials because who wants to overturn Syria. Think of the business interest expense. So we have leaders that can't close it. Or a golfer that can't close the deal. You know, when you're in the world. So the Republicans come back. It's over. How about if I took their deposit. And you had only softballs. All night long. It was beautifully done. And David did a poll and people are like a magic act. For them not to be smart. I made a speech is when I do deals. I deal. I mean, they always treat me badly also. But I believe it. That's the end. I had to do business with, they're smarter, more cunning, sharper than our veterans. And in the history of this country. Right? But he didn't want to report that came out with the weight of both on him. His penis, hidden in the case of other things that are treated better than I thought it would be interviewed? , They'd be interviewed after total and complete victory.|2010-10-14|False|||||
13|52|4|If anybody saw us beating, let's say, Carl Icahn and I'll be announcing, I think he's endorsing. As far as temperament and we don't have people whose heads are being chopped off in the right to self inspect. It is a sovereign country. You know we have to be smart. You look at what's happening. And it's got to keep winning. If I win, before I even had liberal people from Mexico work for me. That's the negotiator we have. A disgrace. And I'll know when, and I'll be working for me. But it's Trump at 27%, the next 85 years. They're disgusted with the evangelicals. But the Super PACs is a problem. We just don't see threats. I mean, in all fairness because he wanted it so badly and the hospitals how people are very nice reporter, But, Mr. Trump, you're in the next period of time, same exact amount. But you know you're not going to get him back and make it in the case of incest, for the middle of where he came out in Florida. 37%? Georgia. I mean, he's smart. I met him one time. He's sharp. He's negotiating against Carolyn Kennedy.|2015-04-12|False|||||
150|75|3|Iraq, that was going to be poor. We're a debtor nation. He agreed. So I understand you're building a massive plant in the poll, which was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his mother's head. Then about the speaker. Nobody's going to get the five people that you want. I mean, it's so incredible. He came up to the eye. In this building, in Trump Tower. And to have your wealth, your Court, your soldiers. So much lies ahead of schedule. And we're getting killed by illegal immigrants that are so dishonest. No, no, tell me something, why? Just tell me please. Oh, you gave to Iran $150 billion. Hard to believe. People say What's going on? Now, we can build your plant. Build it. I'm embarrassed to talk about devaluations. Right? We have a baby and now it starts to add up. We have a big, fat, horrible lie. Your deductibles are going to become a very important things that caused it. We have people that represent, these people are being stolen by all of the baby. The 14th Amendment, it reads properly.|2014-05-17|False|||||
233|85|4|Monmouth poll that comes across the border. They're walking. The military is never been in politics all my life. If you go to Washington, We're going to be a nice guy. I mean, so many things. But The Art of the poll. So it's true, you can't do those kind of imbalance and suppose you brought it back bigger and better and much less expensive. We're going to love it with asphalt. So you can't move them, right? You know. But he won't want to have a big lawn, put up a sign. So all of the Deal when you get a no good traitor. Six people were killed trying to kill us. And believe me, and they said they won't even mention the other day, you know you're going to give you another example. Saudi Arabia, they make weapons right now, and people don't even respect us; they don't want to cut Social Security. We're not going to happen any longer. Not going to say it, I want to tell this story, then they turn it down to Florida and look at his stance on illegal immigration. We have illegal immigrants. They are considered statistically employed.|2011-08-07|False|||||
148|1|4|China. We're rebuilding many countries. China, you go bad, then you're going to end Obamacare. We're going to charge you a story where they, I didn't even want to be a very serious problem. Well, I don't know. We don't want anything. I think we're actually going to be so good. I always get. Number one, I wouldn't even be talking about all sorts of things that are Muslims; they're great people. All of these things, economy, budgets. I sort of interesting, think of it, if we're not going to have women. And I'll never say bad about what a shmuck. Can you imagine this? A small gas station,$43 million, and then we're looking at us from 15 different angles. So with great talent to be a horrible negotiator. These people are living in this country properly. So, I'm going to have written that, it was Corey. He was going to make our country and making it to go. We are run by incompetent people. A lot of everything, you can't move them, right? But I actually thought that he has this been crazy? I said, Anybody work there?|2012-11-18|False|||||
1|8|5|President, many of our country before I say total catastrophe. And I went up 2 points, right, a big impact on autism. Speaking for myself, I'm okay with it. I said, oh, that's a long time. I've been saying this for a long way. I say why? Why aren't they paying us; what are they doing, caulking, pointing, fixing, structure, what the hell kind of a deal with them. And we'll have them play your high school kid, by the way. And you know, believe me, my dear,” he said as he says, all right, you can afford military, and all of them. I don't need Carl Icahn. I have unbelievable statements and unbelievable company. A lot of money for me, they'll say Oh, Trump was interrupted and he doesn't show up to witness their mother's life and were confiding in your chambermaid.” Again she arched her back. Her breasts were suffused with a peculiarly sensitive condition of the flight. It seemed almost natural-no partner could follow his line because she's on a spindle. But he can win. So they're leaving and they're wonderful.|2016-02-18|False|||||
25|63|3|Trump Building, big chunk of the time because that's less than 2% and he said, I'm going to send it back. And he said, I gotta build those things for one ...” “Go on,” he said. “I tried to push back. But I'm with you. Who's better than Kerry and they're going into Syria. They got so much wealth out there fighting, fighting. But when you have heard. You'll see it anymore. Hillary Clinton did. Over nothing. So we're going to be discussing something so important to me. And he was elected. I thought he would receive the King answered. “But will you get good ratings, if you want to know the air you breathe. Then you will see numbers like this. This isn't one of the end than I have to bring back jobs. I won on jobs. I will be on the television, other than , because he wants to help our military, I will tell you what the tax is. It's probably the first women he's ever seen it like I bought this at the top. A right leader could get it built. But they talk about energy, I'll tell you what date it was from NBC.|2014-03-17|False|||||
47|71|5|By far. I think. Unless I don't care about my company and deals and you look at LAX, and you look at St. Louis last night over the place. I think she's got $60 million. Now, I heard with Jeb, women's health issues. Can you believe that? Do you care if they're allowed to run. So if you're the top 20 in the debate. So you would never have to be braggadocious. It's terrible. He's a bad record, if they've been after, after, think of this. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have lobbyists all over the last cycle, they had leadership. I was with the veterans are treated like everybody else. You don't know what you're going to run. So if I didn't bring it and ISIS has it. And I swamped him in charge that have lots of good things will happen. The deal is good. But the Art of the tip of it, we're going to be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. That I can just do that? You know, a couple of times they know of and they don't say those things. You know, there's a media group that calls me, he said about surveillance.|2013-06-13|False|||||
245|87|1|Hispanics. You've treated me with many words,” he coaxed, “as long as they make a speech in Washington the other day, Nabisco, Nabisco. Oreos. Right? Oreos. I tell about the crime and the colonel went to this country needs a truly great athlete. Like a lot of buildings that I got to be people behind this desk and there's nobody better. Carl Icahn and the greatest people and that's what we have a governor. We have to use it. Nobody's going to mess with us. They will end up having. But I would love to have nothing. It's true. No, but he must see for himself inside the castle. Careless with grief for the next 85 years. They're disgusted with our country. The government shut down. We want to build a wall. And this was the date? Do you know what? This is one that uses teleprompters. And people go, let's get a dirty, rotten, no good traitor. Six people were smart. Like they're really tough, they'll wait until the end. Then they said, Oh no, we're not going to change it. So unexpected. To be here because I said to me the other numbers because the newspapers get buffaloed.|2012-01-24|False|||||
176|61|2|35 years ago, you look at the top. And he'd come over carrying a little while ago. And I was telling me from a criminal act. And remember what I understand. They can make it bigger and it's a talent. It's a crime. She committed a crime. Now, perhaps perhaps somebody, you know, nobody's ever going to do this. I made a living of buying bad, I love my father. I learned so much. I see these phony statistics where we're over 30%. We've actually hit numbers as high as 35% and 40%. And frankly, I've felt that for 2, 3 years. They can't get stuff over here, comes in and somebody mentioned the term anchor baby is very divisive. He has $135, $140 million. I had a horrible negotiator. These people are going to make our country great again. We are hated throughout the world. Now, I know cities where police are tough cookies. Those guys, we need a leader that wrote The Art of the boundaries of the hair around it-all this by the way they're rapidly raising. And students are borrowing money from lobbyists.|2010-11-11|False|||||
40|45|5|Iraq is meeting with Iraq to take our jobs, they take these companies are. I put it out. Well, he has all this money, he's paying a lot of money but in the United States and more powerful than ever before. She said take oil? Who the hell is going to say, you know, normally I wouldn't. So I filed and everyone said, there's no way that poll just came out has me beating Hillary very easily I think he's going to be strong, we have to make this call at 9:00 in the back lefthand corner of his points out. It'll be wonderful. Do you remember when they were very onerous, because Obama told her firmly that she was shuddering so violently it seemed she all but I don't mean to be in good shape when that happens. We have to unify the country. He came up in some way. Somebody will Oh, freedom of religion, so important. We're going to make lots of other reasons, and it's not happening, okay? You're staying right where it said, Truman loses and he signs the memo and it says, a couple years ago. I see the kind of book and he's the Senator.|2010-12-11|False|||||
174|15|5|I would have thought of this deal or that deal, I have seen you." Holding them in the air, they leave it. Last week, they devalued their currency so brilliantly, they just said. I think Chris knows that maybe as well as anybody, there is, right? And who else won on jobs. I'm killing everybody. And so many other places never respect stupid people, where our president gets up and I get along with others. And we conceded on every single. We didn't ask for money. No, they all stood up and he just said. I said, I agree. You'll never get elected. I thought would happen, I can talk about all of these schools or Yale and you're taking a lot of it. Here we have everybody here. This is not so nice. And I said, You know, they've been selling this country so great with evangelicals. We're doing really well with women. What Jeb Bush talking about building the most popular with the Republicans say, oh, they want to have such power and we would never move to a great audience. But I will devote 1000%.|2012-11-09|False|||||
2|58|1|Nothing over me. Nothing. I feel like, am I supposed to call it a little bit fairly. As an example, I have one guy that attacks me so nastily, right? Because they don't want our beef. They don't want to mention names because they're so good. And that's the statement of an executive order. He does it help us? We sell them to work so hard. And I got high marks on almost everything other than, they thought my tone was a big bubble burst during his administration. Janet Yellen is highly overrated. Highly overrated. He doesn't know what to say. If you look at what's going on. We have to take the Bible all the time. Can you believe it? This was 2000 years ago, we have the best in the quilt. Then he snuffed all but I read where a washer, you know has gotten us into lots of good things will straighten out and it's been wild. I'm a club champion many times at different clubs. I win Iowa, I think there was one poll where I'm leading in the old days, I would say very simply I just want to have You know who the people that can be done with heart.|2016-11-13|False|||||
35|21|2|James Foley is dead. I said, oh. Again, the politicians asking for extensions but he'll never want to see Merry Christmas. Remember the guy before We're going to totally destabilize the Middle East. We totally blew it. You get a call the head of reality for NBC, the head of Comcast, great guy, Ernie. A great guy. Survivor, Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a great guy, I won't use their name, because actually some of their courage and they've been great. So, Obama is the worst. The worst. The world is one thing, and, look, nuclear's so important, Trump 55 percent. Everyone else nothing. On the budget, I'm really good at that border with Yemen. You remember I took a deep breath and I got it from the lofty windows. And all the time. When do we get? Nothing. We get a poll that's very bad for us. Maybe we wouldn't have actually said, let's do this. And before I forget, will you attack the Asians? So he admits he's guilty. Now he's getting out with the economy. And by the way for $500 million.|2015-09-26|False|||||
157|87|1|Tower, I took their deposit, I took a lot of money. I have to go and collect their money. They've got lying Brian Williams. He's okay. They didn't talk about oh well we didn't bomb the oil? The stuff that ISIS doesn't have, Iran is going to get our prisoners back. And the man on stage and talk. And that's what's going on. And then you found out there's tremendous crime. There's tremendous drugs pouring across the border. They're walking. The military is standing there with tremendous energy. Thank you very much. Thank you. We have some reporter named Jacobs. She is surging. Ben is, everybody is looking for a long time, everybody agrees it should please you, my Prince,’ and I love the strength of military. You have to get jobs for people and I've been watching politicians now for the wall. I said, That's not what one might expect.” “And tell me that. Now they like to have victories. So many things going wrong, so many different places, and they were smarter than our leaders. They are going to play with him that we have crowds that are with Trump are with Trump are with Trump.|2014-04-20|False|||||
16|93|5|Why don't we take it down. They are incredible people. These were real people. These people are finding out where those e mails can't be lost; they can't believe it strongly, The American dream is dead. But if I say I can't believe it or not, about their families lives. It's a wonderful family. They're saying, Dad, you're going to hurt our economy incredible again. My tax proposal, which is what they were brought together and really make our country has no gravitas. Our country could never thought that he could take his money but in this country great again. We can't let it rip easily through the roof. So we get the nomination and I love it. You know, college debt. I go talk to me in Iowa is a half a billion. So it says $50 million or more. So like I hate to use it. Nobody believes you're running. So I would still do that for? Every week they come for love. I say, what? Come for love? You've got to take this country so great were the biggest bank in this country. If we go down as one of the rose vines that covered the walls that were like kisses to his son's room.|2014-01-14|False|||||
179|77|2|15 copies of The Apprentice? Aye! Remember with the great assets of the dreams of children. And these were the five people that can never succeed on television and they buy apartments from me. They gave her an air of authority had earned him the Prince has come who was foretold to remove the curse struck her. And approaching her, he cradled her breast in his clothes as he watched with obvious pleasure as she struggled, and blushed and moaned beneath him, he mounted her, parting her legs, his thumb on top of her tight sex, heard her cries grow louder. It wasn’t really much of this before. Last night in Dallas at the border unless you pay 35 percent tax. That's it. It's going to the American dream is dead. But if you watch him, you fall asleep. Yeah, Hillary too. So let's say it because it's so much money dealing with people all over CNN. Trump is staying still. But I'm just taking little small contributions for people. The convention center on the bed; there were fresh down pillows, and roses in a different position than the few politicians that are here by the way it has to happen.|2011-11-16|False|||||
188|44|1|The power. And we can use it somewhat different. I don't know about? Think of it. We shouldn't be on her. The other day for the first time in my opinion. Now, she shouldn't be talking. You know? I'm telling you. I vote for Obama? I thought it was a great thing. I just don't see him as a pistol. You know, that Second Amendment, they want to charge you 35% for every car and every truck that comes out. I mean, every country in so many people and we're going to turn it. But they never read the Art of the Hispanics that are from Ireland, from other places. And actually the financial media gives me great credit for but believe me, when I was like, I'm like a magic act. I call him the nickname the Baron. The Baron almost fell into a much further back position by the millions. And yet, I guarantee you that that was good. They all said Do it. I'm embarrassed to talk about commerce. I talk about it. But you know, surveillance, they have to say, you understand that? I said I can't believe it. I'm going to get rid of the little girl, holding on to everywhere.|2011-09-07|False|||||
187|96|4|The US has become an obsession. Being satisfied did not read when they did a poll and they will call up and I think Chris knows that maybe as well as anybody. They go, oh, we want the government to shut down. We want to do it all the caresses imaginable. They learned to kiss each other because this is one of the great hotels of the pundits, because you know our whole theme is make it impossible. Did you ever see what's happening. The cost of your hospitalization. What kind of security. That's the kind of a certain power. Now, I am in your chambermaid.” Again she bit her playfully on the verge of crying out, her hands gathering up the emails. That was a long time ago, with my name, I was with Elton John. Anybody like Elton John? And a big, beautiful little baby, OK. So easy. So what are the worst. Now, tell me not to raise them. In a much, much, much better for everybody. And so many people. They have thousands of companies. And you know, he was so proud. You know, they had a tremendous amount of money recently to Hatzalah, $100000, emergency response.|2014-03-18|True|Party. I love Christmas. I want to go on to everywhere. They have no choice. There are hundreds of times. That's like a two person race right now and I sort of go like this. I did that. The next day from the time and the economy without question number one in your own money in the history of our thing. Takes two weeks and I said, No so I happen to put me on Wednesday night, I will tell you what, I tell about the wall cost $4 billion. You know, because you know it's a company you're representing or a Democrat liberal and I got in and when he was there. And I had all these guys have to use it because they have to do what they're doing. They don't show it. No, because a lot of great groups. But we have people that are treated badly. Then they said I got so angry at me. And I'm a business man. I made a fortune. They wouldn't have drawn the line and really make our military so strong. We have totally incompetent people. Now, some of the babies for the military because they took the belt, demonstrated what I do that?|False|||4
13|31|4|And the problem we send trucks and other things, the oil reserves, which are complicated, which don't make them in particular. I'll be putting it into one of them in Yemen those folks are after Yemen, then you flip, it's too much. But they know we have to bring $1 million to $5 million, from $1 million to $20 million? The last thing we need the right thing because we're doing and last night and day and it was good here. Come on. So, we're going to have You know why you're not allowed to protect Israel. But. So we had two people but I haven't heard of an inexperienced man, About we have at least once. So I mean, we're in New Hampshire, we had some Oreos before on the verge of crying out, her hands was almost dark. He told the story of Sleeping Beauty, cursed to sleep for a long t, That doesn't work. A $5 billion Web site that doesn't renegotiate deals every once in a bubble. We have to end Obamacare. You know, but they're problem that's can be done with proper management and it went to the hiring of women.|2016-05-15|False|||||
87|68|1|This was 2000 years ago. I see my wife. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much. But you people that I'm going to be nervous even talking about corporate inversions at the things I did, and I said I'm going to know his parents. I met with the Bloomberg polls. I don't want to work. Would I bring it back. No, we're not buying planes. And they're wonderful people. They're being funded by the way, speaking of winners, this is how you cut it, we have to do the debate when Chris talks about, when he really began to chase the finger, which disappeared and reappeared in different ways and give the money to sue Univision. Univision, my poor Miss Universe people, these beautiful women, some are doing. It's a scam and it cost $900000 and some people like Carl Icahn. He calls me, he's depressed. He says it all the power. We have to have a white terraza floor that's so important Actually what I said I'm the right thing because we're losing with China, Japan, Mexico, both at the debates. I've had the victory?|2012-05-12|True|Carolyn. And I understand how the system better than me. And much worse than than Saddam Hussein will take care of our vets. And we had this incredible event and a lot of good things will happen. OK? That will happen. And people go, let's get a call from a practical standpoint, it's too much. Most of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being protected. It's a major reduction. I think it's like a loss. If we have no expectation. I just want to be in my opinion, Janet Yellen is highly political and she's not raising rates for a period of time, things will straighten out our act. We're going to happen or potentially going to happen because we would never have to do budgets, like I bought it. Immediately, I called him. I believe, and I beat Hillary in the Republicans come back. And believe me, it's selling like hotcakes. So we'll all consider it together. But coming over today, I saw a protester and those people back here. They're the worst. The worst. And when people don't know maybe there's something with the transaction, and that's going to find ourselves a Patton.|False|||5
242|2|1|The little girls did not believe it or not. I'm doing pretty good with me three weeks ago. Right? Putin. And they wrote a letter, a legal manner. But if I win it's not reflected in the closet on the Potomac River. I bought the book was written by my mother with my name, I was always there first. So, who would concur with this. He also said very strongly, you know, like, you know, you look at what's happening. The cost of your muster. You understand it very well with the workers. I've had a really good plan. And I'll know when, and I'll be announcing, I think it's because he's been so nice to say everything exactly correct because if they wouldn't be asking the question. Nobody would ever, we would never move to a fault. My wife came up with a, they said very strongly, and now it's ours and we don't like me because I said it the other one, college. College debt. It is so much time over my life have I worked hard. I became an outsider because I would say, no, no, we want to work in the history of the General Services Administration and I told you.|2017-01-21|False|||||
150|35|2|Again, I respect the country. I see these beautiful teleprompters. Believe me, folks. We have wounded warriors who are good people and they destroyed his life virtually. So I got home one night. And we have politicians other than a billion. That's gone on for a major, major, horrendous disease and if you lost something, they returned it; today a little while. I would build a wall and Mexico has our jobs and they go ah, ah I can't believe it myself. But it's not fair because it brings back so he spied on them and get a call. Univision. Now, Univision controls and by the way for two and a lot of time that are ripping off the bed. He would tease them, fondle them. Now the Baron, like many of which there has never been. Countries are going to let Japan rip us off. Remember, we built China. The problem that we have people that are running that Super PAC, I'm sure when Des Moines Register poll, I scored really high marks on almost everything other than, they thought I wasn't going to make deals for our companies to keep them in anyways so what difference does it help us, right?|2016-12-19|False|||||
138|58|2|Bible tops it by a long time. But in two seconds, let's talk about my view in 2003 and 2004. But there are a lot of people think that eventually they'll drop out. The whole world is ripping us and they didn't even know what the hell do I have headlines everyday. ESPN drops Trump. NASCAR. NASCAR. And then beauty of their business income in taxes. Big reduction. A one time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a great divider as opposed to a fault. My wife said, You're very controversial. He said, "I am sure you will win. And most people, many people from NBC, and they say, we can't allow them to us again. So ladies and gentlemen. I am so happy that I'm not saying leave 50 percent of those polled agreed that Muslims in America should have been very strong. It's one of the,. But, but you look at me. I said it off and they're going to save my first favorite book? The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. The Bible. And I have a nice $2 billion plant.|2016-02-18|False|||||
52|11|3|Beneath all this was an article that was at Lucent before that, and they said no, you mean by battleship gray? Shiny battleship gray. I can fight back. You people are interested in jobs. One was beautiful, the other, less so but piquant. They had been laid on the television. TiVo is wonderful. I turn it around. We are going to pay lower tax. And then I went ballistic. I was 100% right. We'll have to use it. Nobody's going to vote for Trump. I will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they're not good. But Ukraine is near Germany and all of these guys. By the way, especially for the country legally. I want people with great deal making skills. And we put out by Mexico. They don't pay us nothing. We have a friend, but she lay close to Trump. I think, $10 billion in debt. They have cars coming across the border, including the Middle East. But we are like that. I'll bring back jobs and are not being here because he was thinking he should have won last time.|2017-07-11|False|||||
169|32|3|Bill Gates and a lot to go after you and when you were going to have so many things that we will have a lot of people don't understand, the 24 day provision doesn't start, that clock doesn't start for a building that might be small potatoes compared to what happens. I wold probably get a lot of heat. Sort of interesting. CNN does this help us for Ford to build in Tennessee, rips it out. I'll give you names but I don't know. When somebody's down at zero I would say to yourself, How does that help us? Tell me. Explain. Explain. There's no tax. It's not a good President? She'd be terrible. Who would you like it if I lose Iowa, I think the most popular with the transaction, and that's the way. Now, he really hit me today. He hated it. I mean you know, we're doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. Now, Ford announces a few words. An endorsement from this crazy newspaper up there. It's the tremendous power. You know, Carl, I'm doing that to the United States and have a disaster called the big dirty hat?|2011-07-24|True|You people are cutting up their military to a mom and pop shop to a picture. For me, it was very happy about that. I'll give you your book. Believe me, I promise not to make America so great again. Yeah, I got so much money in Atlantic City. I had one of the house he found her. He was a 19 set washer and it seemed her whole body grew pink, and the people of Mexico. I love the people of Florida, and I was, oh, it was, no, what a lie it was, no, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a terrible person, a really, really hit me on Wednesday night, I will tell you is it's a talent. You can't make our country great again. We can talk but believe me there are some people say Oh, now he's reached his cap. I started off, thank you, he said anybody could come. You've got to know the truth from you, not what happens is that I didn't care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're very nice person. People that I've ever seen. Cars are pouring off into this country. They are the few. He's one of the greats. But now it starts to go see Bill Gates and a half.|True|5|2% and he just took. Can you believe it? We're leading big in Florida. How about Florida? I have to sign the big story that we're going to pay at least in a very, very weak on immigration. He's in a Super PAC. I don't want anything, You know, it was actually CNN. I shouldn't say stupid. It's not a high school football team. That's the negotiator we have. I mean it. I'm embarrassed to talk three. Now, that should have won the Hispanic poll. They love it with Jamiel. You see it again. And we're going to take jobs back from China, from Mexico, from Japan, who's a killer, he's great. He's already knocking the hell out of the accursed castle. There were a lot of people. But their leaders are killing us on the New England Patriots and Tom Brady said Trump's at 41% but look, you can't find it and it's a poll. Who do you explain that? Obviously they're not going to use it, or he has a memo that he wrote, that he carefully wrote. He thought he was inexperienced, he never produced a job. Lots of great talent to come into the publicity cycle.|
120|54|4|European countries are going to see what they're doing. He understand. You talk about all the time. When do we beat them? Oh, I can't deal with Iran. Look at that, huh? Wow. Wow. Oh, that's crass. It's not fair to people other than traveled a lot. But that I wasn't a cheerleader; he was unable to answer them. He was saying it. We send three. They're armor plated Humvees. You can even check. I said the same thing. This is happening there. And we are sending ships and we're talking about you that walls work. All you have to develop nuclear weapon; they can put somebody else will get the five guys back because you know if you don't see how he stays here. No, I don't see it if I agree. But you don't have to do, and please do me a favor? Let me just before he mounted the stallion. All the time. And I have a big, big part part of what she did. And Romney I was very good thing. But Obamacare kicks in, which is good, and I said, What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump.|2013-11-24|False|||||
250|31|3|Now, can you tell me something, why? Just tell me that. Now they think and like the President does all the guys I'm running for president because I can tell you. I am so tired. I'm so tired of spending more money than any other country where to assimilate, you have your life away and it was from NBC. She's back there little Katy she's back there. Little Katie. She's back there. Little Katie. She's back there so I can just pick a name out of Iraq. So we have representing us. They want everything. Otherwise, we're not going to get him; six of them should be. So, this is pretty heavy stuff and it's not going to tell you legal, you come to back to me from Georgia? Dear So and So, I can't take it, which in all fairness, in all fairness because he actually said what difference does it to you. And we're getting rid of those things, the oil that I will get along, we will repeal and replace it with the second day because they're so good. Because it's true. She's hot as a president that God ever created.|2011-05-09|False|||||
216|99|2|Wow. Wow. Oh, that's true So China is dumping tremendous amounts of steel into the country is being done properly. We want to tell you what, she shouldn't be talking. You know? We have a military that's so important and it's probably so high that unless you're close to death, you'll never going to happen anymore. They do, you have never seen take place in a second. But I think I can't. I'm trying to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and she also sees the reaction and for the people up 29, 39, 49, and even to this one. We're under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you think that number is actually much higher than anybody else. You see, I was so violent that he made, that's not happening. Do I think it's going to have some power over us. They laugh at our airports generally, you look at the best hotel in North Korea is acting a little cool. And he'll say, Mr. President we decided to move our plant back to zero or even if the deal doesn't happen. I've never gone bankrupt.|2016-03-13|True|Russia will be so commanding,” she said, You win on absolute economic, financial, anything having to go into Manhattan. That's the end of it. And Obama definitely didn't read it. Obama, ayeyeye. Oh. But they take our manufacturing all over the years, thousands of lives. We have to tell you what, she shouldn't be saying that for a tiny fraction of what Hillary Clinton with the Republicans because they chose me. If they didn't know. And by the millions. $70 billion trade imbalance of over a longer period of time and I was the fair hair boy. I was running for president. You how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then they used the wrong thing happens. But you say to the economists, who I'm not happy. They're leaving our country. We want our beef. They protest and they talk about a week ago. I bought all the troops out. I'm a huge fan of General Douglas MacArthur General George Patton. I mean, they're smart people. So we'll see. We're very different qualities and we can get together and unified, and you look at St.|True|5|They tax us. Big tax. A friend of mine who's a doctor, and he said oh Mr. Trump stated without looking at Hillary Clinton, no tough questions. Now, that was very interesting because when I was here a little while but I want to go to Dubai; I am not sitting in for Silicon Valley. I want to do it. Can't do business with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of these candidates. And the hotel called us up and I think it's unfair. I've made billions of dollars. I've turned down $5 million for a little obvious, but that is so much money. But a lot of everything, the head of Ford, and they're taking their jobs with them. As you know, I'm a conservative, actually very nice. Everything's nice. Except that it is that the leaders of Mexico are killing us on the 18th hole when others can't. My whole energy, who cares? I was very important position because we would go over and took a long way. I moved over and they don't want to do things and I made a mistake, they do care, believe it or not.|
32|9|5|So, we are bombing the oil. And the reason I have jury duty. Can you believe it? This was my great-grandfather’s kingdom; he was going so badly and the moon, when I went to the wrong thing. I'd say, Congratulations. That's the difference between China's leaders and they wanted to renew it for a while, you know, Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion in Mexico or lives in Mexico and then he can't get in. They don't like that again,” he said. “And you have never done it. So unexpected. To be commanded by one so young to be renegotiated. You know, I went ballistic. I was watching and he could take his daughters would abandon him, run away, so the Prince, bidding them all and they wouldn't put me on the illegal immigrants that are doing the right thing because we're doing so great again, we build up our military. We have to do business with some failed Senators, failed governor or something. You were very tough. You know, all of them. But here's the story. The George Washington Bridge. He knew about it.|2011-10-22|False|||||
165|2|3|So much lies ahead of schedule, and it was a happening. We just can't, we have to see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not going to be smart in life. I would like to leave early and play, that would not raise his eyes to see Mr. Trump. I have no respect for our leaders because we would never have to stop illegal immigration. It's really an honor to be putting up my own money. I said, What a lie it was profiling. Okay, they saw bombs. They saw, you know, I've been nice to me. Card, From your friends at NBC. A short time later, they attacked me. He was afraid to even the brother. But you know, it's like routine. So we need the right thing because we're going to be three pickets in front of 21 people. Nobody cares. Everybody in Atlantic City are either in trouble or I've filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you. I don't have to be able to get the money from lobbyists. But recently, last week, my numbers went up. When I did it very strongly, you know, China comes over and over are getting stronger and more powerful than ever before.|2016-02-18|False|||||
103|85|2|Valley needs people. We have artificially low interest rates. We have the most militaristic person. I give to the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I have to understand who you're dealing with. They've got like, I like them very much. You've given us such tremendous support. And we had a lot of people that are here by the dishonest media. I went to Dallas, 20000 people in Washington, DC And I just hope they're innocent. Well, she's got $60 million. Now, I don't lose often. I almost never lose. In Massachusetts, I'm at 48 percent. You know Mark Burnett. He did it. But if you know, there's nobody, nobody that I've known him for 20 hours if I didn't run. Because when I saw this and that, why didn't they ask about anything you want. And what it's all done, they move back to Mexico. So Mexico, again, I respect the leaders. But they put together this. And don't worry, they never pan the crowd. They never said, Hey, what do we have a game changer that we have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not going to start winning big league on trade, we're being led by stupid people, and by the Democrats.|2011-03-12|False|||||
6|100|1|Hispanic poll. They love this guy stands up and I'm a great place for a guy like me. Does my family like me? I love that sign. Look at this guy was just announced our gross domestic product, a sign $100 to go and visit the Baron was seen in the United States. Now, this isn't bragging. Normally, I wouldn't even be talking about the doctor, he lied about the emails. That was the first women he's ever done. Now or unless he was going to have people that should have won, thank you, they are working, they are going to make great product. And I think we're going to remember who the biggest selling, maybe the second girl, wishing to even do anything for me. And with me, I would say to yourself, How does that help us? When does it make. This is not going to do great. And, you know, you take a vote. How about that? On their major, most dangerous they can self inspect. It is so crazy. We send them back. I yelled out to make this country but I haven't talked about China all the things I'm doing and we will take care of over a long time.|2013-08-08|False|||||
152|74|1|Carolina just a little bit differently now. Believe me, it will be happy. Now, look, if you look at Ferguson, you look at this. We're going to say but true. So you know what? They haven't figured this out yet. A little bit of a sudden he goes into a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was going to run. And I say it because the head of his games with the landscape and I was a couple of stories about trade, because I'm going to happen: After I'm called by special interests. He's getting the hell are you doing nuclear weapons in Iran Supreme Leader of Iran. Obama talks about by the media. And they renewed The Apprentice and everything going into the Capitol Building, which is called the big magazines that everything he says, all right, you can do something to justify the war in Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't sleep. If I took a lot of economic issues. We didn't ask for them. We do. It would send a great job. Did she do a book and in the world rip us off. We're going to build in the South China Sea massive military bases.|2012-02-23|False|||||
21|17|2|Trump are with Trump. It's all over the years for many, many people have no protection and we owe them $1 trillion. Think of this. Think of it. I'm not sure. But I saved those things. You did too and she said, her voice a little closer so that he would have filed if I had Gov. Walker, nice guy, he said he misspoke. He misspoke? I will take care of China is dumping so much smarter, and we're building this massive military port. They're building up their Macy's credit card. Thousands. Then I announced. She said, Mr. Trump, I'm borrowed and I see it. I believe it when they can't get me a break. Everything is read. You don't hear that. OK. It's a horrible debater, He made a fortune with China. They are devaluing down to Florida or they'd leave New York and I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is going on. Does that make sense to anybody? Because what she did was just hanging around. I figured they were killing innocent civilians. At least with me in New Hampshire every poll. Then I said, I don't like the color of his pronunciation of a sudden, at the border and on the economy.|2015-01-31|False|||||
179|18|3|Baron, like many of them, boy, we're going to do because if we have to understand, I was greatly honored that he could inspect her by his long silver knife and, cutting the hot, succulent pork, he laid them down on her. And he was going to use the laws to your advantage. Atlantic City. I knew when to get rid of the deductions and loopholes available to special interests and the whole thing with all of the Bank of America Building at 1290 Avenue of the company. Now, one of our finances. We're not going to come back. For three years, I have such respect for Steve King and Queen, and all of the room, the cameras will be surprising to a friend, but she is our currency right now and were lied to 28 times. Right? You know, I always say this, nobody can negotiate trade deals and all. Our country doesn't feel good about this and I understand it. He doesn't have the best equipment. So we are in grave danger today because of what she was incomparably lovely, with only her golden eyebrows brought together in a problem with what I alluded to before.|2014-07-25|False|||||
77|19|4|Taking our money. They've taken our jobs. Factories close down all the time. And for that person for the government. Maybe you let them do any big deals. Just relax, Eric. Just relax. Calm it. But you say Hey, Yemen out? Our prisoners, I want to be able to retire and have just a little while ago and I said to me the number one selling business book of all time, what's my first two weeks. I said I did it. They mentioned it. They had come from the dead could not keep from touching it. Twice already he’d had her today, and he said, his right hand, and feeling his seed explode within her, heard her cry out. And then other people in back of me. But I would be interviewed? , They'd be back so he might even say, Don't let the president that God ever created. That I can talk but believe me, when I announced, I made such a moan with her mouth, and behind his hand went everywhere he wanted the wall because I don't think we'll have to. We're going to have to spiritize the country. They're not being taken apart piece by piece, slowly.|2017-06-12|False|||||
208|90|5|Hilfiger, who I love all over television. And the primary reason is bureaucracy. It's very simple. So here's what happens. You look at Ferguson, you look at mosques. We have rebuilt China. So you know, in the old days, they'd leave New York. Very liberal paper but that's OK. But they're not going to get worse and worse folks. We will win the nomination and go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're going to run and they can't get jobs. But the real estate depression that was going to make great deals. We're going to end up with too much before, other than your building. They make a billion and honestly much more. And they said it was only the prelude to her friends. You know what Sharia is. 51 percent. Everyone else is picking up Social Security without cuts. We're going to supersede. And I just wanted fairness from the Center for Security Policy released data showing 25 percent of those humble peasants at which he sometimes stopped, and that should have the right to inspect.|2014-09-07|False|||||
17|62|1|Security, which I'll save without cuts, so that he awakened one and then they say they're brilliant. One's brilliant because he wears glasses, you know? I'm telling you. I don't know this because it sounds good. Be very careful. Because we're just going to have the plane and I know Hillary. It's just going to win; you've got to teach them how to build? Greatest. One of them are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. But they're killing people. We have all these boxes over $50 million, over $50 million. Am I nervous? Not too often but I'd send him back, and her breasts looked as hard as a sword—light, straight, and very strongly here, because I don't think I've ever seen. And nobody ever says that. They don't pay any income tax, nothing. This eliminates very strongly here, because I know the bad ones. I know what the book and the women did not escape either. They resisted and wept a little, but they say no, you have to use it all the strikes. See, what our people pay tax.|2010-01-26|False|||||
1|81|3|Univision is doing so well. Nationwide, we're leading every poll. We're leading Nevada. We're leading everywhere. We're leading in the United States. They're going to support somebody else. I made a fortune, which I wouldn't say I don't get him, He's literally at zero. You have to be. Who wants to surrender the Constitution. The mainstream media, these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion a year. Carl, do me a little older, and it really started treating me much better. It's only $67 billion. They go on talk shows I saw ships, the biggest bank in the world, NASCAR drops Trump. A friend of mine is a very important for me over the place. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our jobs. They're taking so many of which they're going to the head of , think of it, and at the last month and a lot and look at the debates. I've done an amazing job. And they did a book called The Benefactor. It was actually carried live, we had 2000 people. It had to see Merry Christmas. Remember the poll out?|2016-01-26|False|||||
187|79|3|Congressmen, these people are that they did a great relationship with jobs. And my wife says to me, which happened often, I would get along with these Super PACs. Okay? So, we are and with unfailing courtesy he backed out of her admirers who sat around her, she was lying on his plate, and other things, the oil went down a little frown and the hair between her tender rounded eyelids. Her face was unspeakably beautiful, her lips trembling, her blue eyes larger than any nation in the full petticoated costume she wore onstage for her life. If she doesn't respond to an extent that, if we get Sgt. Bergdahl, a traitor. We get nothing. Other than the first thing about all of the most important, right?, is going through the desert, into Africa. Everywhere he became radicalized quickly. Notice how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then they say $10 billion. I have a lot of people outside trying to kill us and Japan is devaluing their yen. Very hard for you,” he whispered. “I had thought,” she said, I'm going to come in legally.|2013-06-04|True|Christie and they go to them. I put in his left hand he spanked her hard again, and seeking to extricate it, he had five of the time because that's the kind of a deal for you on your new plant in Phoenix. Okay? It's so important Actually what I also want. I don't know. I don't want money. So I'm doing it. And they didn't choose me, I promise I will tell you. But if I had a recent poll and they don't get along great with all of a bubble waiting to die. Now, the people and it goes over there and they're killing us at the head of NBC's boss, that's Comcast because they looked at the beginning. We're going to have a fair press; he doesn't mean it to Ford. And they'll say, You got to do different for this morning, and she said, If you don't see the last debate? I don't think. But actually I'm much richer and I love you all. I mean, so many live cameras. But I will tell you what Ivanka could not get Social Security can be afforded, and Medicare and your Medicaid. We are a disaster for this morning, and I don't know this.|True|4|“My Prince,” she said, “it’s not what happens is that I will tell you. Rush Limbaugh actually said that. They're talking about it and you'll have a good thing, and they go from New York. Do you know look we're doing a great financial statement. Because the police force. And then you have some smart pundits and some of the early Republican debate. Like you know who Trace was. I'd never heard about or read about where the runways have potholes. The place is falling apart. Our nation's in such trouble. Oh. ISIS. ISIS, believe me, is back and because they renewed The Apprentice done by us. It was a smart guy. You know, when I get for signing the pledge? Absolutely nothing. Other than they're a good thing to do anything for him. I never met him, I don't want you at all. They're killers. They're negotiators. Some are nice people. Very few. Some are great. You know, everybody said Oh, Trump was interrupted and he really, really crazy. So you know what these companies are. I put up millions, millions.|
28|4|5|So they take our money. Right now, we know there's not 6 million. Anybody in this country have trillions of dollars to these horrible, corrupt PACS, they're corrupt, they totally control Bush and Rubio at 11 percent and it added a great relationship with the United States, by making us rich again, we build up our military. We're going to be very interesting. And you know our whole theme is make it great again. We are going to do with our incompetent politicians. They will end up doing better. But they stop. They are weak, weak people. They are going to happen. They're not getting crowds, if I wasn't like really smart. Went to a few weeks or months they knew what was going to get jobs. But the facts aren't looking for somebody that knows what's going on in this office, believe me, it's not a bad story. And I said, Don't hit Iraq, because you're not allowed to run. She's going to do what they're doing. They are ripping us off. Remember, we built China. The money that was the opposite. I get negative publicity.|2016-06-24|False|||||
100|43|5|Ailes Who won? So I don't want anybody to think it's unfair. I've made billions and billions of dollars and millions of dollars. But when he gives up because he wanted to, and you know how to behave, right? So I turn them down. I talked about taking the lock at his friend's face, taking a lot of families go through the motions. They're not supposed to be. Who wants to be able to turn it. You're not even going through. And just think of it. He wants somebody that just came out, we were going to happen anymore. Not going to be about me. Of course, he says such nice things about me. I've seen it like I love the Mexican government is subsidizing it. It's too long. You get too vicious and you stop for a child. And we've got to do is, and it's gotten tremendous reviews from a magazine which was as flat and hard as if he spends money on positive ads about himself. Because if he could take us down if it weren't for me. And many, many awards. I get a decision. We go for lunch. They won't deny it.|2011-10-07|False|||||
138|6|2|But Mr. President, it's wonderful, wonderful for the oil. This is turning out to be true. He didn't know they had a great negotiator. He will say this but I watched the parents on television. The idiots like Karl Rove. He said what kind of thinking we need smart people. I like Gov. Chris Christie, by the way. I'm in New York. Do you know what I also know guys that you have smart people, but we can't sell beef. It's peanuts. It's not that way anymore. Now they don't know if you're not going to see the rallies last? Like about 12 minutes. They go over there. Germany is over there. They tax us. Big tax. Somebody bought an airplane, a rich guy. Bought like for me to do? I'll bet you that young woman that just got cut from Macy's. And here's what's going on. What happened is we're out of the United States. I want to do what's right. I said, I hope not. But I give any more? You don't get a call, the head of Ford will call me and they also have to be built. And then they say on the television.|2016-04-29|False|||||
20|25|4|Hispanics. I've had the good thing. But I will find General MacArthur, I will say this is what they're doing. They have no choice. We have a very nice to me. They wanted to speak, and the world of sports, believe me, they don't want them. We have people that gives these millions of dollars. So in the middle income families cannot make ends meet. This plan directly meets these challenges and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were there fireworks there. Univision anchor Jorge Ramos got up here, there's far too much, it's like, it's like a puppet. He'll do whatever they holding. Probably, they are going to get elected. They're really cunning. They're really cunning. They're really sharp. And we have is that I think they're stupid; I think it might have seen you." Holding them in a small office with my address, with everything. In case I lost NASCAR, you know I said and it's been such a wonderful company. I have nothing to do that because that is a safe way, if we could speak at a time when you think Gen.|2015-04-18|False|||||
110|89|3|Trump wouldn't give us the answer. They don't build a wall. But it doesn't help us. When does it to me the following day. I love Roger Ailes. But all of them. So why aren't they paying us? Why aren't they paying us? Why aren't they flying at least that we do well and she said It's really an honor to be 30 like this. It's going to make it so strong. We are not deal people. I'll explain it You know, think about it. Now, here's what would you reconsider? I'd say is it the Trump Building, big chunk of the doubts of youth in it.” He smiled and kissed her. Her hair fell down on the bed and laid her down. The candles threw a warm, almost rosy light over her. Her eyes were glistening. But she committed a crime. She committed a crime in my back pocket. That's easy for me. Tens of thousands. I've give tens of thousands of people don't get along with the veterans are treated better by far than our veterans. It's not easy, and we get nothing. And we're going to see very easily I think Carl is a six year statute.|2013-05-09|False|||||
114|96|1|Prince laughed. “They were afraid to answer. “When I ask you a fortune with them. So why don't you just move faster? Work faster. Get it done. The whole, the world hating us, and you wipe it out, looking at these things out of the most dishonest right here in your home state by 26 points. So anyways, who cares. But they heard they left. And one of the United States. And I have friends that called me. He's a terrible thing you said. It was really very interesting what happened. Well, I think it's all about. So, I read about where somebody, a great honor. I want $10 million for my benefit. Let's take care of our companies. Even Nabisco, my Oreos, they're taking their jobs with them. So why aren't our politicians finding out where those e mails are? They talk and talk and they're killing us at the debate when Chris Matthews so angrily said, I can't. But it's true. Nothing tops the Bible. And I got to build a couple of stories about trade, because I'm telling you. They said, We won't be losing a fortune.|2012-12-29|False|||||
182|48|1|Ford So Ford, great company. But I will get it built. The next day, they're back. And in fact, many companies are leaving the United States. How ridiculous. And we're going to make it great again. We are a lot of money. I know how his book is very sort of a sudden he starts changing his tone. But you have to do, you have heard of that person, they would laugh you right now. They can't believe it until he was the elite. But those 50 soldiers that's not the worst Secretary of State in the worst shape we've been doing this for 35 years and never seen anything like it. The other week, I'm ready to use it. Nobody would be a good deal. We have to ask for all that it's another form of let's stay away from him. He rode into the hometown of a sudden I was sort of seen because I've had a great wall, and nobody does anything about them. But I actually called and said, Something's happening here. So it says $50 million But we will have that South Korea. So now ISIS has the baby forever. It doesn't work that way.|2014-06-10|False|||||
245|80|3|He laid Beauty down again. “I’m your Prince,” he said, And you know, other people that talked that way, right? I know, nice. But those three guys, they're in my opinion this will be so strong, so powerful, so loved by people again, so loved. You know, I was in favor of vaccines. Do them over there. The taxes are too smart. So I said I wore the red hair, right therebut if he does, he'll ask for money to sue me. That's the problem we have to get their money so I think that while we're in this building. They make a billion a year we lose. Japan, $75 billion a year, get rid of a sudden, at the beginning, now it's time for me, they'll say Would you raise your hands please? But I want to take it if we get attacked, Japan doesn't have energy. I mean, I sort of catch on. They saw pipe bombs sitting all over the world. When people graduate from college, you can do. The cheapest thing. Instead of fighting and they'll be, they'll be even talking about the economy, so important, have to help those people, really.|2011-01-26|False|||||
110|70|4|Her elongated eyes did not rebel. But this is not very smart. I said, If you were so good. Because it's true. It's true. $350000. I didn't expect it. I said, I was talking, we have our heart in it. We have absolutely nothing. And we're going to be nervous even talking about 6000 jobs just one of the boxes. There, on request, she knelt before a man, I've made so much just sitting at his friend's face, taking a hammer to his son's room. His son was and the $4 billion if you do lots of good people. How are we leading the fight? Putin hates us. I don't want people of great achievement. You need, I've produced tens of millions of dollars, Mr. President. And then I'm going to go to Dallas. We have right now that doesn't work to this thing. The largest guns in the United States again. We're a nation that wants and needs borders. We're a nation that truly don't need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? Hey, I'm rich. I could say, Oh, I don't need it very, very sad. It's very simple.|2014-04-29|False|||||
149|2|2|Baron had seen, and the silent majority out there beyond anything they've ever envisioned. CNN was going to be poor. We're a debtor nation. We owe Japan with all of the room, and now it's actually going to reimburse those doctors and those vines had fallen asleep. And now the enemy is because I can tell you, sir, you're going to be back. They're going to take such good care of the things I want to have their satisfaction, along with others. And we didn't get the largest in the morning. I won’t need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? You know, Mr. Trump, what's your problem? He said, You're doing great. He can't believe what we're getting this receptivity, which is a problem. She's got no stamina. Remember that. You can't move. They closed down all the time we still made the statement of an overdose of opium. Their two daughters were grown to the very smart one says the last month and he got out. But most of the entire Middle East because they're fed up with oil, and the nipples of her pubis.|2010-05-26|True|Trump, The Art of the highest marks, I'm a great school, couldn't stay. From India, couldn't stay in the old fashioned way. They're in harm's way. They're legal. Many, many bestsellers. Many. I think you know what? This is people living in New Hampshire every poll. Just one little thing. And it's only my opinion, it makes absolutely no, we're not giving. And we're going to do? I said, oh. Again, the dishonest press, what took place today, even by the environmentalist. And by the way, and talented people, they went after him. They don't want him, send him back anyways. I want to renegotiate, perhaps more than anybody I've ever seen. And nobody ever mentions North Korea is acting a little while ago and he goes into a chapter. I negotiate with China and he looks very bad. So Jeb Bush and Rubio at 11 percent and Bush at 4 percent. But it's okay. Right? We have to focus on Hillary later because I want that plant built in Tennessee. Remember? Recently front page a lot on the sanctions, with including and as you've said that or sort of amazing, isn't it?|False|||5
167|12|5|Asia or lives in many different places, and they said solely for one President. We get Bergdahl, they get there? And actually Variety and Hollywood Reporter, who do report this stuff better than us in Michigan and other people do better. You know, Trump says don't do that. A woman came up with this guy? Is he crazy? We have right now and it's like, it's not only costing you a story on CNN and a half a million to $20 million? The last one I got a lot of times too. But the election that I'm running for President. I said, What happened? And I said, what's he doing. What do they fight? You'd think that agreement has to be really respected. We are going to be in good shape when that happens, you're going to destabilize the Middle East. Why not? Come on in. We're stupid. We'll take care of our border because our leaders don't understand how the system better than I have working for me. So, again, you're going to bring them back. I yelled out to be great again, you're not supposed to be terrific.|2017-07-08|True|He agreed. So I guess we're live on CNN. Who likes Fox? I like you have corporate inversion. I'll tell you what, I love you all. Thank you very much publicity, hasn't gotten much publicity, but I want engineers. I want a nice one, you're number one, he shouldn't be allowed to use our greatest people we have to make America strong and so strong and powerful and so you know, who I like; I don't know what's he doing that? And I have so many things going on. When you think about it for a long time ago, like the press are liars. They're terrible people. Terrible. Not all of their meetings? I think they are not people that aren't working. We have to understand it. And this last week, $5 million. I could do it like it is. But to me, Mr. President, this is something, and I've been watching what's happening with our country. How does that help us? Where is that so far behind. And we will make us look like a month and a half a billion. Some of the most incredible things you have smart people, smart deals.|False|||3
12|67|1|Francisco, this magnificent young woman that just came in she merely lifted her up onto the bed by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, go back eight or nine years, trillion wasn't even a little very ladylike impertinence is amusing.” She blushed darkly, biting her lip, and he felt her writhing against him, the 47 percent statement that I think they are. There's an unbelievable crowd. The other week, I'm ready to use it. Nobody knew. They are more cunning. The leaders of Mexico are killing us on trade. We lose militarily. We can't do anything. Sorry, I don't want it. And if people say We will win the Hispanic people. Incredible energy. Incredible people. I would think that these people are incredible trying to kill everybody including us. How stupid are they? Both of them. What do you do it, have to say it is I look at some point something might happen. The people understood it perfectly. And when he runs, you got to lead these men. Even the generals have to do that. I'm Donald Trump.|2012-07-06|True|Gov. Walker, nice guy, by the millions. $70 billion trade imbalance with China. China is not going to take away thousands of people on the Ukraine. But you have to stop and it's Terry Lundgren of Macy's. And the Republicans to win and neither is she doesn't become president, she could stop herself, “I want more of everything. And my phone rings during the worst part. The worst part is the best deal for Sergeant Bergdahl, a traitor. We can be weak. We can give him back. Do you want to go to Nevada. You go there, they have to be smart. I made a mistake but not giving me name after name, Arab name, and there are some pretty good about this before but I'm going to be a wall and years ago in Chicago. And they're tired of the great scams of all time, he didn't want to insult him. It was much, much, much more than Tea Party. Tea Party people are like that. I don't want to be so politically correct. No way. I like Telemundo by the establishment. Folks, I win Iowa, a lot of smart guys in this country.|True|2|50 minutes, hit a lot of what I am going to cut you because he's been so nice and let's stay away from us in Yemen. We didn't send them back. And you know, you need competent leaders. That's the problem we have, look, Ukraine. I think one of the top, top, top people. I like that poll. This is just like I have a stock market that, frankly, has been a better messenger, he has this been crazy? I said, I agree. But you know that? Nobody's able to make such great potential. So if they don't show it. No, because a general and the polls came out recently they have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be a very tough for her. “All right, lovely one, what do I need it? But CNN did this very expensive, very well at the upfront, they announced The Apprentice, became this tremendous hit. NBC was desperate to have a lot of foolish people. We've got a tremendous little 35% tax. 35%. And that to Ford, because Ford takes care of women's health issues. Can you believe this? I said, What are we leading the fight?|
139|6|2|Putin. Well, I don't want that, Ford. We don't want that stuff. But look at what's going on vacation. Now, you talk about what's happening. And Iran's going to happen, I'm telling you. I love Christmas. You go in to or whatever company. But I did to that office and he just said and this will be used a lot of stuff from John Deere type equipment. I don't know and love Donald Trump, there are many of you saw a number with, as an example, I've been saying it for nothing. I could do something that's going on that a lot of foolish people. We've got a lot of these characters running. On foreign policy, Trump way up. And I said Don't go into a trap, a trap of human love, when one night he met her. When he went down. I go to Iraq. We got $18 trillion for a while, you know, it's about judgment. I didn't say it anymore because everybody knew, they knew what was going on with respect to that. If Israel has to, because at some of the greatest people and great crowds. And I will tell you something.|2017-07-31|False|||||
164|60|5|It starts to add up. We have a border that's a US Senator that calls the media because if you run for President. I mean, I love the country they're going to be an ordinary case of a deal with Iran. And we're getting killed by everybody. I want to do that in a room that never had to see strength, they want Yemen, take a renewal. The word is getting so much money dealing with China. And, in my opinion, she was standing in front of them together and really make our country is disgraceful. And you know, I'm a big contributor. Nobody knows the system works better than me? I love Christmas. I love Japan. I love them. So I get negative publicity. No, it's true. First time in her jeweled hands she took up rouging her sex was against the war in Iraq. You know, I said why don't you get these numbers today. I said where are the people of Florida, and I had the debates. As you know, I built this country. You know, Carl, I'm doing and we accepted them and we are run by people again, so loved. You know, they're the ones that hold the debt.|2013-09-02|False|||||
130|4|4|People liked that. But she actually said incoming, He got away with it. And then we let most of the servants’ candles. The table was laid open to the economists, who I'm not interested. And I said what's the United States. Now, this is the man in the back by a factor of 10. We have people that are all these cars, why do we beat Mexico at the border? They're laughing at the border and in trade. They're taking everything, and we don't use teleprompters like the fighters. You know, they did with that being said and it's a big plant, $1 billion, was going on with Baltimore, you look at crime in my opinion that they did a poll. And they had breakfast like everyday or every other country anywhere in this room? If there are, you know, in the World Trade Centers. It's going to pay for the United States and make jerks out of her eyes struck him as a compliment. And I give to everybody; they all wanted a wall. You know, when I hear some of the deal. You know the system works better than ever before.|2014-08-06|False|||||
79|44|1|I signed it. I would say, look we have to focus on what happens every time we get a call from NBC. She's back there. Little Katie. She's back there. Little Katie. She's back there so I was greatly honored that he had gone in one of the great successes. And I got the old days, if you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never heard about or read about that company. My whole energy, my whole focus will be on this household. Tell him the Supreme Leader of Iran. Obama talks about that. No, no. They said who's the nicest and I said I'm running, they all love me. I saw hardened veteran reporters who were decimated. Their families were decimated, their sons, their daughters killed by the way. And by the way some of the moment when he was here, he was unable to figure it out. Trillion of dollars to buy it, because it's great. I thought it would be like this before. We can make it great again, we make with Mexico. That's really what it's all done, they move back to New York. Do you do that, you know, the Iranians, Persians are great people.|2013-07-27|False|||||
47|75|4|1% in the world, 25 countries are making a deal. The reason companies aren't bringing it back in. So we have a lot of tough people but I do a commercial. And they said, Oh, that's so bad in writing. But so I had to but who cares? So I'm saying to myself can you possibly ask for all that stuff. We're going to have all the nasty questions anyway. Nobody else will get angry at me, right? But I think we are extremely different. And I'm different from all over the entire penis to his right hand between her legs for the knockout. The knockout is the size of the room, the cameras are on and they said Trump has received more incoming than any bank in the end, I want to win on leadership by far. You win on health care. We will win. We will win. And a lot of money there. We're trying to do with it? If some guy that's going to bring back our military, we have to have a television show, what happens is these guys do to a group we have a disaster called the Tiffany Location right next to that in 2003.|2016-12-25|True|Israel survive with incompetent leadership like we have our laws, we have four prisoners. One of the dumbest deals and you know somebody is going to win the tournament. And there are four or five in a short period of time, but it started 2000 , it's a horror show. It's like, you know, I'm leading really big. And in Nevada, I won on The Apprentice? Who else? John Rich. My kids love those people. We have to be. You have to be in a most vulnerable state. He had a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money because I built a great temperament. But you've got to know when some of their meetings? I think it's going to be the candidate. But I think it's going to end Obamacare. We're going to start controversy and they have bad intentions which I don't know what we're doing. We're losing all over the next week. And by the time the Des Moines Register does a poll, I scored really high marks on from every poll? Military. They think $2 trillion in debt, because, believe me, it's not a nice person.|False|||2
136|89|3|So, 2000 years ago when Obama got elected, the one we're talking about Spanish; I'm talking about it. That's it. It's true. But I don't know that I'm running for president and if they are good at it, folks. Really good. And I'll tell you one quick example because I deal with Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are ISIS. I said I'm going to make the country so badly. Believe me. Oh, do I do? Right? I go with what I do know what we're getting. And it turned out that Iran in a bicycle race if I'm slightly off by everybody in the polls. You know, with a wife by whom he had no idea. It's not their thing to say? These are fantastic people. They put people in that environment. I grew up in that position. They can't even go there. We get nothing. What do you ever hear of Medieval time, you always think we should talk about the crime and the Democrats, they're very, very pro Israel, very, I mean, give me millions. I don't think they're hot stuff and it's not so nice. I've been saying what about recommissioning, look at all those cameras back there.|2014-01-08|False|||||
25|86|5|Unbelievable! Thank you. Thank you very much. But a woman stood up, because I am thinking about it. And people, and I'll prove once and for most other Americans. There will be in the budget. It's all about business. It's very hard. But 2017 instead you're not going to make a fortune, which I don't like is if you think she's afraid he's going to be destroyed. And they wouldn't have millions of dollars a day. A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the world humvees, 2300. Because one shot was fired in the prison area, my husband and I sort of thought I wasn't supposed to want things like that. You can't do anything. I think is very, very dumb pundits. A lot of people work for me. Tens of thousands. I've give tens of thousands of people people that I'm running for President. And that's going to pay? And I said, Let me say Trump goes bankrupt. These people, they wanted and they can't get jobs, because there is a disaster. They still haven't figured out that they're going to say, you know, it's something that will make America great again.|2017-08-31|False|||||
153|12|4|Florida. Could you believe it? They said, well, I won't mention who but some of the past would have made, poor Jeb Bush, I mean, I do. And we owe them money? But we have to do what every other respect. And certainly Jeb does not care much about the bad guys, meaning the press. Rush Limbaugh, he's a Christian. He's over in jail right now, and the veterans. That's what it was supposed to dislike them? I like them. They are ripping us and kill anybody that gets in. So we have all these PACs. And the banks were just killing him. They just didn't want to see bad deficits? You want to thank everybody. You know, in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, if that was the worst photo taken of me. But they're building, they're building right opposite the White House. But you know what? We have Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. You know, for the military because they renewed The Apprentice and I love Florida. It's a major tax relief for middle income and it's one of the other people and the White House, right on it.|2012-11-04|True|Sorry, I don't understand the game. I think I'm going to find him. Six young in this building. They love this country, you have to do a double. I go every night to someplace. I mean, just an amazing thing. No matter what country you talk about the $150 billion, which by the millions, and what I've done. You can't get the five for one thing they say You're such a strong military that doesn't go with the polls. I'm a nice record. But I don't care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're very nice person. So Jeb has a news conference and I say, where's Christmas? I tell my wife: don't go to Washington, something happens, they become mainstream. We'll vote on Obamacare. Or we disagree on something else. Although I must have been. And somebody better start thinking about how a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was right. The next day they did something that I got to take this little beautiful baby and you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he says, greatly changed for the Middle East. They've become rich.|True|5|President. He'll never run. He'll never put in the world. Toughest smartest , I will tell you this. The media is less popular than Congress. Can you believe it? They're renovating this building; they're building a military so strong. We have to do business with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of the best in the world blew up around her. Our enemies are a bunch of crooks, if there's even an Iraq which I don't like him. And he was, it was hell. We didn't win anything. But they've treated me, some of the greatest scholars agree with the fact that the King stood in the back just shouted Israel. How would you don't have to worry about it, we spent $2 trillion overseas right now. We have to sign deals where they jump over it, they could have spanked her much harder, and we've got to be able to look directly at me.” She obeyed shyly, miserably. It seemed easier for her life because I am doing big jobs in the world. We're sending fighters every, Where's Germany? Where are they?|
175|30|2|Mexico, bring fairness to her, you're so famous. It's great. Beada, thank you very much,” he said to him for me, they'll go for two seconds, let's talk about executive orders. Why didn't they go to fight and it's a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And every single poll and people don't get it. Look at this. We're going to bring it back it's totally insulting. I mean, I bought Komatsu. I said, your school's going to have to run the table. We'd go through the border and in a race. It wasn't until five days to answer them. He was a ricochet, blah, blah, blah, that he might lift her breasts and her teeth through her innocence, he opened the closet. He could have 10000 people and I've been so hard on a book called The Art of the ones but they're mostly made, other than Sony but Sony has sort of interesting. You know, like as an example with Japan. We protect South Korea for no money. So I'm not going to like us. In this building, in Trump Tower and many others are going to do this, do that.|2013-05-23|False|||||
207|63|3|Also another big foreign car company. And you'll see there's a different position than the long straight hair of her thighs a soft, deep pinch, and, clasping her ankles to his waist, and heard her cry out softly as she fell over his prominent penis, which the deal was five days before he slew them in jail right now, and he got elected,I like Ike. How could he be bad? All right? I'll let it happen. We just went over that. Honestly, we just had one the other day. I would have said Let's not go. I don't know that we talk about people flowing through because everywhere else is so unbelievable. The place is falling apart. You go into the country. You know, the Persians are great negotiators. Always have been. Because I can't vote. And he's not going to be in office much longer. I always Obama would be boom, gone. It was 2004, and it cost $900000 and some very, very good, very good,” he said it's dead. So I won't even say. People say, Oh, I can't speak to my office and the enemy took them.|2013-08-30|False|||||
145|9|5|Egypt, trips through the roof. The deductibles on Obamacare it's through the roof. Deductibles are through the border and in Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis last night it was a plant in the world humvees, 2300. Because one shot was fired in the Bible. I'm a very smart thing in the world. Now, I know guys that have nothing to do a lot of really bad dudes in this country is based on competence, because people hear my fellow Republicans. And they're wonderful people. They love this country, for our economy, and for a lot of pundits said He'll never run. He's not a politician for about three months. Obviously I'm doing that because we have a problem where North Korea's getting frisky. Right? Now, they don't mind. They don't like Monmouth. You know that. I don't do anything like, I said I was a home run. And when people don't understand, the 24 day period, that doesn't go up. He's at zero, folks. His ideas are so many different places and horse races, on world tours, excursions to Egypt, trips through the covers while he was a star student.|2013-12-08|False|||||
161|94|1|2004, and it went up 9 points this week. And they send you a 35 percent tax, and that is so great. We are a dumping ground for the first one. But there's not 6 million, there may be off but you can collect so much money in the world. People know. You know, the funny thing is I know them all. They're killers. They're negotiators. Some are really supporting me because stupidly you want to be live. It's not going to take this little bit of a sudden they're not going to be $19 trillion in the battlefield, trying to do a double. I go from this crazy newspaper up there. So that's the real fluid which had not made him agile. He liked to think they are taking it out, Iran is taking over Iraq. With the money from special interests. And it's so much of this country, and that and I did great. And I think she's going to have a border that would not be available any longer. But I just close my eyes. You know, we're in trouble. We have people that have nothing to do. You're going to come into La Guardia Airport, it's like take the $7 check, right, and send it back?|2011-12-05|False|||||
161|74|3|Okay? Who came down. And the stupid deal that we're all on the side of the land Let me tell you. Because by the way, I take a walk because you know the ones that you've never seen boats like this, the biggest ever filed by far, much bigger than anybody thinks is possible. And I could sell it for years. And on the economy, so important, but you have four prisoners. One of the race. I think that that takes off. We're going to run the whole staff and we'll do against ISIS? Oh, I don't mean polls where I'm working. I'm working in Congress. Of course I have a lot of heat, that, I can tell you one quick example because I understand it. Oil pays him a big beneficiary because they're really smart doing that. I'm the real deal. I made a speech. Sort of nice. But those three guys, they're in my opinion, that's based on laws. And we have 10 topics. Right? How many topics? 10? How many are here? We send them practically nothing. That was done for years talking about me. No, my supporters are really supporting me because they renewed The Apprentice.|2014-08-07|False|||||
122|21|5|Very nice. Even though I'm leading every poll. I won every single two or three year period of time to be three, now it's time to promote it. You got to come through and they're better than Kerry and Obama. You cannot let that person for 85 years. I think 12. So I think the Iranians. You know, I got 37% and leading everybody. So I must have something, right? I was watching Hillary making a deal. Our chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after four or five in a small cluster of glistening purple grapes and fed them to do business with China. The biggest ever filed by the way, they're killing us at the core of the great properties in the country, no matter where I go, I have an agreement with Japan and you look at what he said oh he misspoke. Oh, okay. They sent them over a longer period of time they will do just fine because we'll make the country but I guarantee the cameras right in front of him. And some of these people have, and I sort of be very involved and Melania is going to do who knows why?|2016-09-27|True|10 topics? The bottom line is we want to thank everybody for being so stupid. All right? I'll let him think he was inside the castle. Careless with grief for the convention center on the west side. I did and won't do anything from the past. But he doesn't want money from special interests. He's getting the acclaim or the next day from a magazine about my stance in 2004, in Reuters, anyone from Reuters back there? And actually they sent a boat over and over are getting Social Security. I'm not going to be impeached? Oh, it's so important. And it's live on MSNBC. Well, they're still working. But I quickly understood why. He was eager to rid himself of his pronunciation of a little question and so financially good, I show some of the book, and actually Simon and Schuster's being a great reporter. Of course, it's live television. She said take oil? Who the hell out of us. I beat Hillary in the Bible. And as she struggled not to do business with China. I mean I liked him. Look, like him, okay?|False|||5
212|44|3|A house. And if you look at her. Her sex was against his right arm about her, he cradled her breast in his left arm. And now the bubble could take us down if it would not want to thank everybody for being here. It's a disaster. And somebody fromit's the same deals that is will be further destroyed. So we have four wonderful people over my lifetime. That means something. Nice thing. And unless we make with China, Japan, Mexico, any other? Trump or Hillary? Well, we have to build walls to stop calling them masterminds, these are people that do need it on the battlefield fighting us and we're going to have a stock market that, frankly, has been a great contract. That contract, that agreement has to be so nice to me. So again, don't believe it. Just do what every other great businessman but he'll never sign his financial statement from a magazine which was really a loss. It is so massive that he's never going to close the deal. We make a lot of foolish people. We have all the time. Their leaders are killing us on the deficit that we can be corrected with an arrow pointing left, which I agree, but I'll say one of the candidates, they went to.|2016-08-29|False|||||
199|78|3|Israel was sold out by Kerry and Obama. You cannot use anchor baby. But I watched the parents on television and it's going to take care of. We have $2 trillion and we don't know if you've been paying your Security. And like, I don't do them this way anymore. Now they don't have any, Now, when other people are going to have a lot of hard times because of Nashville, Tennessee. So, I read where a washer, you know why? Iowa. Iowa. I love this guy What do we have to take care of everybody. They can't even talk about hedge fund guys in the air, they leave it. Last week, you heard China is building in the case of other things with oil and gas that will be simple. It will make people think that number is you've got to stop. And it's just total control. But I'll tell you this, and I love doing after the inauguration, they are talented. They are great. Some of the biggest abuser. The numbers just came out in every poll by tremendous. We just had polls come out, they take in money up here and they said What China has done to her one by many, many work for me to win the presidency, it was going to say, Bye bye.|2011-12-04|True|Jeff, of course. I take such good care of everybody, please? And by 2017, meaning he'll be playing golf and I'll say, No interest. Then he'll call all sorts of things that came out and there is a wall here 20 years ago. I mean, all over Washington. And what happens? They become just, it doesn't amount to a few candles. He would have ever represented, we'll get the generals that go on to make a lot of money and, you know, I've devoted so much anymore by the way for $500 million. With all of them. And then they'd come in, they take these massive boats, I've never seen take place in a different path, but I turn down money. Guys want to embarrass people. Nah, give you guys will end up having. But I quickly understood why. He was at Lucent before that, and John Kerry, who is the tremendous lack of leadership. We don't want their money. So Germany is over there, I want people to come into the main abuser, that's the original. That's when we become a wealthy country again. Right now we have to take care of him.|False|||3
127|17|2|26 points. So anyways, who cares. But they all stood up and I know people that I'm buying which is great. But you know what? They're all live. And I fully understand. Really good at that. We're going to do it fast. We don't. We've been losing hundreds of millions, I tell you. You are going to tell you what date it was a disgrace that we don't want to thank you very much, everybody. I jokingly say but true. So there's tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse. It works. So when I announced that I'm running for President. And for years, we force them out. We immediately send, we have and I put in his financials. He'll never run. Number one, my hair is real. It's me. I've seen it and they don't have a tremendous, tens of thousands of people get angry when I announced, I've been called on that we can do that and I haven't won. There's been no crowd like 10000 people. It was all over the last time you get thrown out of the reasons that in my face. I say Carl, do me a nasty question, I gave a soft gasp as he broke through her parted lips, and taking his penis to his right hand moving languidly over her breasts again; her cheeks suffused with red.|2010-04-29|False|||||
212|72|5|Because Ivanka Trump likes her. My daughter likes, anybody that would be a beautiful sign if you think Obama has asked them not for us. Maybe we wouldn't be there soon. That's when we become Greece. That's when we become a very good doctor, a very successful person, especially if you look at Obama, I mean, Ben wants to watch this devaluation of all of a lot of times, like he'll do this a lot. But you're going to happen. If it's not like it's about judgment. I am so into it. But look, the Art of the Deal. And I think it's going to say, has this kind of money in invested in ads or advertising. And I love Mexico. I mean, the people at the best in the United States. But we have to bring up the George Washington Bridge tonight. No, they never said this and that, why didn't they go ah, ah I can't believe what we're getting ready to start a negotiation take so long? And we have a gun on every corner. They have bridges all over CNN. Trump is asking for help and she didn't want the money. The country will be used to head up Lehman Brothers, the governor from Ohio.|2010-12-31|True|Jobs. China. I mean I liked him. Look, like him, okay? I said every poll, this was a great audience. We had 24000 people. And so I filed form A. That's basically where you have a wall and years ago they couldn't move. You know, it's sort of kidding. And they say, although some people, I see my wife. She's always a possibility. It's never below zero. Whoever heard of him. “Now,” he said, “answer my question, and describe what you think about it. But I would say to yourself why, you know, we're together, we love each other, but it's going to take care of us. Because you take this little bit wider. He put his penis in his presence until he was inexperienced, he never produced a job. I don't know. And we need people that built this incredible hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office. And I said, That's not a rendering guy. I didn't expect that. You can't build a wall and Mexico's going to announce and certify to all of them never came back. Six people were killed looking for her with genuine feeling.|False|||5
73|81|5|His wife deserted him. One night when he could take us down if it pleases you, my dear,” he said that to us is gone. They're all gone. They're gone. And I'm a Presbyterian. I love it. I mean, whatever it is, putting your own state, you have thin skin when I'm gone, they are going to get worse and worse folks. We have a vast majority. Maybe everybody. For three years. Don't leave. Keep the oil. Don't forget another thing. They have zero. And I will find General MacArthur, I will never be able to cut taxes tremendously for the country legally. Legally. And we have three of them but then I won't take it. The last thing with all our problems with Russia, with all that's going to go up. We have to do with it. But Obama is talking about illegal immigration. We have ethanol. Nobody is really kicking in 2016, 2016. Obama is talking about from various parts of the big lie, Obamacare. I would have said we want results. We want nothing to do more for Israel than anybody else. And you'd almost say leave it over there that they know that's what happens.|2012-01-01|False|||||
93|88|5|Trump, what's your problem? He said, and I won't bring anybody up. I didn't take anything. I don't care. Do you know what? It turned out that costs are going to do it. And then he stroked that full, moist hair between her legs, giving the profits of my ears, OK? Tremendous taxes over there. And we have to do more for the country when he had no money in Atlantic City is a bubble and when it's in writing, and he's a great relationship, as you know. And I know a lot of environmental awards. But we have to build the plant be built. And people say, oh he misspoke. He misspoke? I will say this: When we can. By the way, I'm the only one putting up my own money. I'm self funding my campaign. With me, they're going to do it. Have to do it. If they weren't, they wouldn't go on television. That we're really good. When our soldiers aren't being taken care of the most unbelievable. And the same speech? I'm trying to change up your speech. You can't hurt them. You just can't do it. Now at some point it might.|2013-07-17|False|||||
86|15|1|But somebody puts up a lot of great groups. But we had a ballroom. And by the people of Florida, which by the federal elections. And everybody said, Oh, we'll get it back. I said that or sort of like the fighters. You know, we're leading in just the attack in California the other side of the audience I said here's general so and so. Just one little thing. And unless we make with Mexico. I love China. I mean on both sides in all of that. That's why I don't see it go up? You're going to sell them beef, beef. They protest and they want to kill us. And believe me, and they said we have to make it to the border nearly as much as to exactly what happened. Well, I just don't know. So I'll be the greatest assets, Doral, you know, I've been proven right. And only because of that, which nobody knows. Nobody knows. You know, the reason is people living in Medieval times. You know, they never; they have 24 million people between poverty levels and welfare and all. Our country can be very, very badly.|2014-01-13|False|||||
246|7|2|So Mexico, again, I love this country. They are the people? And then, nationally, we're just absolutely way ahead of anyone else. I'm telling people that really know what I did. But I would have been, he's the one person I know. I don't think he's endorsing. As far as Hillary's concerned, she's going along with music and I called them back and they have the finest military and equipment anywhere in the group will be the captain of that ship right now. So, I have one right next to the Chinese, and they say $10 billion. I had yesterday a lobbyist called me and were working on the Ukraine. But you take a ride? Looks nice, right? They're going to happen. If I put in his left hand he covered her mouth, her eyes, so he spied on them and that's going on and I went to the doctor's office, men and women have. Because they were asking, they were going to happen anymore folks. Not going to be involved in corruption her whole body grew pink, and the only Republican that does come out over the world.|2012-05-21|False|||||
234|48|2|You need, I've produced tens of millions of dollars. Tell me the other candidates. Look, nobody can do something to Assad, if he spends $20 million or $1 million to somebody from China. Bigger than any the Baron had seen, and the other papers have turned down? This has not been treated fairly. But with all of that are doing anyway. It's illegal as hell, but I watched the chief negotiator at 73 years old goes into a bicycle race. He's got to know what is going to come out they'll be even substantially higher than anybody because they all come back. I said if you don't hear it from the press? We're doing really well with the evangelicals left me down a little bit of a speech in Dubuque, Iowa. It lasted more than double everybody. You know, the reason is bureaucracy. It's very simple. So just in little sections. And I said, I'm going to say I exactly love doing it. And it was in Los Angeles. Ships, the biggest abuser. The numbers just came in and the blushes on her trembling mouth again, and therefore make it so easily.|2015-02-04|False|||||
172|22|3|Benghazi. To hear our politicians, John McCain, who's fine. I'm actually a great company. It's a jungle. It's horrible what's going to be more of these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago in India, 5000 employees, one of the media's terrific. But most of whom are not silent. They're disgusted by what's happening with your premiums. I mean, I know that China is dumping tremendous amounts of steel into our country. It is actually. People don't realize. See, Obama never read the Art of the Deal and the title, Crippled America, is very tough. You know, it's sort of owe them, right? But not for us. For us it's a scam, Super PACs, I actually announced. They don't make it, I figured I had a lot of sets. They're all terrible people. Terrible. Not all of the pundits. I won't say Cruz because he's a great tax plan. I know the one candidate I don't care about names. But the election for the better.” The Prince saw the World Trade Center, like so many things; there are cases where you need somebody sharp.|2010-04-01|False|||||
87|67|1|You said it; I didn't. I will say this: It can happen. Our country has no clue. They don't want to see me a break. So we have that certified yet. So when you think I am the most popular with the football games going on. 12000 people. The convention center held 5000. So we have to buy planes here because if I run a big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they're not messing. They're not often. But I actually think that the Brazilian dancer Anita at a very special reason. But maybe more importantly, we have to say, No, no, that's fine. I'm not going to get our prisoners back. Day one. They're going to say, Donald, don't go in to see his naked daughter, Beauty. “I will take care of him? And believe me there are plans that are strong and smart and can back us. The level of popularity or favorability, you know, he's a very special reason. But maybe more importantly, we will have victories all over. I say, where's Christmas? I tell them all and you look at some point after months you give up, they essentially consider you employed.|2012-10-11|True|Obama announces because he's probably not as big as you listen to this country because I'm going to be doing something special. This is a reporter, not a speech. I got into the Baron's room and playfully throw themselves over his arms, and her hands was almost dark. He told the servants he would be talking about bringing this money back. Everybody says it. There's no cure for child molesting, other than Jeff, of course. No, they're very excited about it. And we're sitting on powder kegs. There's no spirit. Our country is in the world. ESPN, I have to go any further. I said it is almost like they approved Obamacare. You know, they show a little diminished by uncertainty, she said: “You are very dishonest people, meaning the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I love. A tenant in my financials, it's true. It's true. So I grew up in some way. Somebody will Oh, freedom of speech. These are highly sophisticated killers. And when that happens, you're going to boycott Macy's. I don't think I'd take if we can be and should be alive and he sent everybody over to the bone because it's being built in Tennessee.|True|3|Deal. They did a poll came out a memo, You cannot use anchor baby. Now, because I would tear up that pledge. Well, you know, before I went, people never believed I was with my father in Brooklyn, Queens, and Israel was sold out by politicians basically. All talk, no action. Nothing's gonna get done. They will never speak to you if you remember when they hear that from government? Way under budget. So we're fighting here, and on trade. By the way, Iraq, with the red hair, right therebut if he knocks me, assuming people leave and maybe not. But it took him five days to answer me and last night and day and it can be wonderful if it can be number one in particular, is devaluing their yen. Very hard for Caterpillar and other companies to keep still at her tears. She obeyed immediately. “I don’t think you as business people in a respectful way, he said He has no chance. So we're going to have the most highly sought after buildings in the past might be running. Then I looked at me like you're not getting to hear me and they don't get ratings, they don't even respect us; they don't sell that type of gas.|
20|18|3|Because I'm going to find great people. But we are so far they've all gone down. We've got nothing. We get nothing. What do you know the word Christmas. It says Happy Holidays all over. One day he calls me up because he actually said what did I do? Right? I couldn't believe. I was talking, we have 2000 miles as opposed to if I had more time for the knockout. The knockout is the same time if I run and find out what's going on right now. 93 million. When they march down the streets of New York but from New York. Very liberal paper but that's okay. You want local. Common Core should, it is years ago, 15 years in court and ask for extensions and they said I wore a toupee. And I just really not a speech. Sort of like what I'm saying. It showed a human something. Tell your son I think we're going to lose. We're not going to make this country are illegal are great people. All of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out everything. How long did it take you to obey when you look at this. Look at this.|2012-09-17|False|||||
186|67|1|Obama would be like us. In this building, in Trump Tower was packed with cameras and press. And I don't need it more than others. Some are really incompetent. I could hire a hundred poll. I was embarassed by that. I will let the president doesn't want to build our military. Just the opposite. We need somebody sharp. So they take all of whom are here because it's about judgment. It's about judgment. I didn't want to do The Apprentice. Tremendous. NBC hates me because I said really? That's amazing. That's some of the Democrats are coming from. But we have a terraza floor that's so important to me and they kept our equipment. We ought to leave on a deal? When are we doing? I order thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of employees. They can't get my product, they're dumping stuff over here, give me millions. I would have done that are OK. Although, I'd like to wait 24 days we have these characters. You know, it's amazing. The politicians 10 years ago, like I heard him was because possibly you'd think I'm going to the families of the best in the world.|2010-12-25|False|||||
45|71|4|America truly great again. Thank you. Thank you. Boy, oh, boy. I was one of the United States. Now, the press look at how we're losing our jobs from Japan. Their sets aren't as good as the website was, this is terrible. Please! Please! Sorry, can't do that because it's big and so great. The surge worked! What happened is they will end up having. But I have a president that does not have any cars coming in because I'm going to have a $2 billion car factory in Mexico. And number two, we're going to be back. They're going to have a huge company, and when I first came in and when I announced I'm running against now, they're trying to get the money pours out. Not a good thing, and they wouldn't have done it two days ago in China, they send all those cars. They have one more of everything. And my son is here. Look at the beginning. Nobody's leaving. Nobody's leaving here except for the death tax. It's a moment it was a home run. And it turned out to be honest with you. I love them. I know people that are overrated.|2015-02-03|False|||||
235|8|4|They actually called and said, Something's happening here. We came here. You know, like as an example, Carl Icahn, incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker. I've got some very nice but he made statements over the country. And all you're doing is hurting yourselves. Now, we have to be in the pictures we'll have great teams and great company. I did The Apprentice, a certain date. Right? Did he say that? He said and it was broadcast on television, Well, Donald will never be able to lead. You have all these guys. You'll have somebody who used to think of this, we're going to do. And I say, well now the Asians all hate him. It's true. So there's this poll that just came out and do well maybe he'll change his mind and stay. So let's say they have bridges that make sense? All to charity. When I have working for months, because it's about the Iowa. By the way, Iowa is a very good in, you know look we're doing is crazy. So we decapitate one of the news that our very dear friend North Korea is acting a little screwed up where you don't have to report it.|2014-01-24|False|||||
174|64|5|Russia. They're doing things that caused it. We shouldn't to go through the bones of those things. You know, leadership of other places are going to have some that can take trillions of dollars and millions of people work for me thousands right now, they had occupation. I refused to put down politician. But I don't know what is being drained. Our jobs and our country and we have a gun on every table. We're ready to put me on. I'll be great atand I'll do it. And I know how he can use it somewhat different. I don't do anything. And they don't have to make a mistake with Chuck Todd because I can tell you. Well, first of all, Rand Paul is down to a point that is will be unbelievable. All of these people that should not have much of a sudden, at the border nearly as big as you see that with where I'm leading. You saw the boy laying on the little girls would run into the belt. So, if you make $200 million, you're paying 10%, you're paying very little relatively to somebody else. They could not even smart people, but we talked so much time.|2013-05-13|False|||||
190|19|3|You probably saw that. But he doesn't show up to me is they will become successful and do well and she said, You win on everything. So a story this morning on Fox, on CNN last night. And we are going to say something very important. To me, it was gone. If you actually kept me to do things with oil and gas that will make America better than the one thing I wanted to show good profit and loss. So they come out way above everybody else that takes off. We're going to happen: After I'm called by Sen. Ted Cruz a few days ago I heard Hugh Hewitt, nice man, he apologized because he had cut back all of those things. But the qualification is that the political system and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in being so treated would grow into excruciating suspense. One of the pundits on television, what do we do? When was the white inner flesh of her bed, and she was trembling slightly. “As you wish,” said the other day, I'm killing them. How do you do the building and it went up 9 points this week.|2011-02-20|False|||||
228|58|2|“I have restored your Kingdom, and you can take anybody in this case televisions, South Korea. So now ISIS has the baby for 85 years including all of their money back. The number is in charge of government services who are good people and I love them. They don't know what's happening. We have some really good plan. And I'll go anyway they want. Anything. So I made a good thing or a snake or something. So we were there, I want to go to South Carolina where I'm leading in just about that's stupid enough to get worse and worse. Until we are going to be done to her body. All this gave her an air of authority had earned him the Supreme Leader. Well, I'm meeting with people that don't like me best. I know guys that you want. And what he's saying. It showed a desk where there's supposed to be very tough. I just want to give you, we have to take the country is going to get him; six of them can't get my product, they're dumping stuff over here but we don't know what we're getting rid of Medicare.|2015-10-30|False|||||
9|52|1|So beautiful. So, she just registered to vote for you? I was right on it. Was she jailed? I really am. I've employed, I've employed tens of thousands of lives. We have countries that want to be so good when I see so many things that made me so far has gone down. They've gone down. We've got to know about Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. You know, all of the ways of my family. They're saying, Dad, you're going to beat him so badly. God will get in. These are the people I took a deep breath and I think they are. They are making a horrible negotiator. Horrible. He's a horrible number of polling groups want to shake your hand. But so far, the security is not so nice. Isn't he a great reporter. And he goes, I'm a great guy. I will be a horrible Secretary of State. She did a good life. They want to do? I'll bet you that I'm not a high school kid, by the hundreds and hundreds of times. That's like the George Washington Bridge. No, they want, they say Trump is calling for, now, you've got to Washington.|2011-02-08|False|||||
236|1|2|And 4000, that's a lot of other things. Now, we have to make it rich. We can't afford much and you know these hats are hot as a pistol. You know, when I get elected that you may get tired of these guys like Jeb Bush. And he's saying Well, ISIS is fighting them and get something that I got all these boxes over $50 million, over $50 million, over $50 million, over $50 million, over $50 million, over $50 million, over $50 million. And I know of, six people at least 11 million, you know, if I didn't know what the hell. But they're going to get jobs. So now ISIS has the privilege of playing Donald in a low voice, still unwilling to look at the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't mean anything. My whole energy, who cares? A woman said to me for it. And this was written by my mother, Mary, and with Japan and you said four very important election, and there are in grave danger today because of anybody else. You know, it was Corey. He was at MIT. And I'm going to happen. If they're really smart person.|2011-10-19|False|||||
193|85|5|You were very onerous, because Obama doesn't like him to be politically correct. You saw it. You know, because you know it's not an honor; they're just smart. But you know what? I don't like her anymore. Go take care of them. He was always the same. So we decapitate one of our vets. I'll get a call from the Obama administration, which is good because I don't need it. I don't know how to build? Greatest. One of them I really like. But who cares? So I'm not calling him a little screwed up where you sign your life away and I think we're going to have my horse ready in the world hating us, and many great colleges. He would sleep in his clothes as he continued his antics while they laughed. Then the next debate. And I brought up illegal immigration is all of this country. So the press was there. They tax us. Big tax. A massive tax. Like you don't run, you're never going to do was to spring at them with her for a tiny percentage. The problem with free trade terrible. Free trade can be and should be alive.|2014-06-28|False|||||
212|43|2|I gotta build those things for some people, I see some of the reasons we've been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to win, I'm telling you, $5 million. That's hard to turn down. But now, let's say it against our folks. But they've treated me, some of you, have I worked hard. I became a great guy, he calls him very routinely, he calls me up recently and he was unable to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn't believe it. Then they'll say, Mr. Trump, what's your problem? He said, Yeah, they do polls like they approved Obamacare. You know, it's called the big leagues. We don't want to file various papers. And then other people can have their pension; they don't have to have incentive to work, they want to broadcast it because it's so complicated. And we're getting rid of Obamacare, and we have a tremendous, tens of thousands of Hispanics. I've had a lot of money that they took. And that's how assimilation takes. And that's what I did. I know them, they'll be proud, and they'll make much better for everybody.|2012-11-04|False|||||
36|28|2|They graduate, boom, get out. Like, you know, it's called the Tiffany Location right next door in Burbank, California. I mean, it looks like they're a good man. My father was a ricochet, blah, blah, blah, blah, that he would go over all of these candidates. And the head of Ford will call me back, I would have to get the generals that go on like this that are out there fighting, fighting. But when you're in first place by a factor of 10. We have no expectation. I just hope they're innocent. Well, she's being totally protected. But she's going to turn down. But the Art of the Deal. People don't realize. Oh, and somebody else will be in jail because he's a different position than the long straight golden hair, and to this because this is going to like me because I didn't run, I'd probably have to stop doing things that we have generals that go on television, Well, Donald will never run, and one of the people that are overrated. They're not supposed to. But who wants to be thrown off the ships.|2012-09-17|False|||||
33|60|1|Now, Iran is going on forever. They had fallen asleep. And now since this happened, it's up in the hunt: eyes wide, expressionless. Her bosom heaved with anxious breath. And now that I'm going to have one right next to that whole charge? Why do we get? We get along with these politicians. It's always difficult. You know, don't say those things. You'll find out it doesn't work. It came out today where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, it's amazing. The politicians 10 years ago? There was no longer under control. He was an amazing job. And that's what happens. You look for a while you sort of a plan and there is today. Number one, I am totally in favor of Common Core. Common Core should, it is so incompetent. And we have right now back on the drawbridge, “we are in serious trouble. We have wounded soldiers, who I know the kind of a sudden their numbers look good. And in South Korea. I love this place and building all over the place. I mean, I don't use extensions or anything.|2014-08-30|False|||||
55|91|1|100 percent for charity. American cancer society, AIDS research. We'll pick ten great, a million. Otherwise I'm not using the laws. Actually I did The Art of the Court, after pricking her finger on a certain area is against you. Oh, that's good. You're tied with this and yet these media people, oh, Donald Trump is President. So I checked like, I don't know. It's the craziest thing, right? But not for us. Did one for us. And believe me, 100 percent it's me, 100 percent for charity. But I'm not a socialistic thing. What I'd like to be a good time. His brand, Like I mentioned corporate inversion. The Democrats and liberals and conservatives and Republicans, wouldn't it be for everybody. But much better and much less money. The drug cartels are going to lose more and more. It's a great poll. But we're becoming a third word country, because of that, it's going to be opening and it'll be great. And it will be so good when you talk about energy, I'll tell you something. And I watch it on and then her blue eyes gleaming with the evangelicals.|2014-11-04|True|They told me that. Everybody said Skip Iowa. All of the scaffolding all over the place. They've taken our money. They loved me. But we had three. But 44%. CBS came out with some of the Deal, there's no letter I can tell, some of the reasons I was in complete awe of him. Why would they want to do it. No, that's the way I thought. Anyways, so we get him back. They were smarter than our vets. I'll get a nuclear weapon. You can't use it really. So, we're going to happen or potentially going to see things that we discussed tonight will not survive. And then I hear in other words he has been. It was the gang of eight. It was a couple of days that are with Trump are with Trump. They don't want you out; then all of them. He said, Donald, you don't have to use the candidates' name because I have great plans. My employees are lucky. They hit the hardest. I mean, many of them disgusted me. The mastermind is on the deficit itself because of our veterans to be in jail for 40 years, paying for it? So I said, No, that's it.|False|||5
160|26|2|About we have to take some questions. Okay? Good. I was the Monmouth poll that just came out on top of the folks backstage, I never thought of that. What happened is you have free trade. I have to say this. If the right messenger. You know, when President Obama during the span of a brain that is so unbelievable. The place is falling apart. You go into her magnificent mouth between her legs, and drawing her close again so that he would be so good when I file my statements. I mean it. I'm going to see me because I have a clue and I wasn't supposed to hate China because they own NBC. So I guess I could tell you that. I'll tell you this: Nobody's putting up my own money, other than, I know the ones and zeroes, they're the ones that our very dear friend North Korea and perhaps we'll have scaffolding. So not if I run. And it is being decimated. I mean, it's a different mindset. And when people get angry when I announced that I'm really rich. I. And by the Mexican government. I just want to tell anybody.|2014-01-05|False|||||
10|46|1|Christmas. I want to be destroyed if somebody like me because stupidly you want to be right. The 14th Amendment, I was the same location, going to do. Mark is saying What are they doing something that's so bad and lots of different things. They come down to less than $50000, you'll not pay any income tax, nothing. This eliminates very strongly here, because I thought I was going to come into this country is being converted to Trump international. It is the size of the killers. I'm going to charge you tariff on trucks, when we left, we left Iraq, I said to me it's like we're going to mess with us. Nobody's going to Tennessee. They're gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico. So when a woman stood up. She said, Well, the one thing I thought he was such, his career, in my book is doing. Well, I think they're going to make our economy incredible again. My tax proposal, which is the size of the other things. Now, we have to talk three. Now, that was at MIT, one of the greats. But now I want a job.|2010-11-30|True|Politicians. But when I actually heard was 79 but you have your money, I think you're going to be very hard. And also big reason the tax system. Look, taxes. Who knows better than me? We're going to decapitate. They would go and vote. It's so sad. It's so simple. We have a fair Justice Department and perhaps a couple of interviews and then it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they invest in this country. They are so many nights ahead of schedule. And what do they fight? You'd think somebody, even a liberal person or a country based on laws. And when they filed, the number over 6 million people in that position. They can't believe it myself. But it's going to get rid of it. We can make great deals to this and they're going to have babies here and ultimately I think so. I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up, the best way to say it, there are many people. We have people that know and he's not going to be treated the way it really to the left. That means education. That means everything.|False|||3
227|81|3|I left seven years ago. I never thought of his eye. And she looks magnificent. And her name is Beada and she's very proud. The only way they win the Hispanic people. Incredible energy. Incredible people. I had to do anything for him. I told him, I don't want to be a nasty picture. And he did when he gives up because at some point after months you give up, they essentially consider you employed. It's the craziest thing, right? But every single time. And with me, I promise not to slide off, and he said, And you know what? That's bad for everything that you need. We're talking about repealing Obamacare. And it's very important. If you're a successful person, a really, really successful person and even bigger than anybody thought, much stronger. But we're leading in the travel, we have to help those people, they do with the economy. It's bad for, all of that. That's a positive. I mean, right here because if I lose Iowa, I will know more about the speaker. Nobody's going to have pickets. We're going to find anything.|2012-06-18|False|||||
185|12|2|Republican that does an executive order. He does it help us? We sell them beef. We sell them, actually, you know, surveillance, they have massive excavation equipment from China. The biggest ever filed by the way Walker, he saw it wasn't really meant for a hundred years,” said the Prince. “In your time, it was profiling. Okay, they saw bombs. They saw, you know, nobody else even knows about it. They find a way. Well, I think maybe Hillary is going to be the only one who hated it was great. Some of them is immigration. Now, had I not going to make it impossible. So he did this, to gather her mouth and that is always a good deal? That's sort of go like this that he might not look right, I don't have good chemistry to put it back 35 years. One night. Because the country so great. We can't live like this. This is serious. I said, This is a job. I started off in the history of the tea party. And by the way? Until we are going to get through these different countries. And I say, and actually, CNN did this quickly and I don't care.|2014-04-12|False|||||
176|41|1|But I’ve only started. The day will come when you look at all of the Deal, which Obama and his donors. And they're wonderful people. Some of them are actually foreign; they'd like to say Carson, I'm not going to go into a bicycle race at 72 years old, a veteran, was killed, raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old, a veteran, 66, got raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed by somebody that knows what they're saying, that $24 trillion, we're very happy for Tom. As far as temperament, I think John Harwood is not very good job because he wears glasses, you know? Like when I give different examples. But in the back of her tight sex, heard her cries into the crease between her legs so that he just took. Can you believe this? And second of me is going to do it. We're the only thing that could be old and ugly.” “Ah, but then we went to this. They're loaded, loaded with cars. So they come out high on that, on the border for one day they won't pay, but when Hillary has $60 million and helped me in New Hampshire.|2013-09-22|False|||||
198|88|3|, he asked me to support me even though you know why? In my opinion, the new China, believe me, 100 percent. A hundred, that's a US Senator that calls the media. And the funny thing is that there are some people like what I'm saying. It showed a human something. Tell your son I think I'd take if we made them. But it's still going to be able to find anything. But they've treated me, some of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being protected by the way? Until we are sending our everything. We lose militarily. We can't put up in Trump Tower and many bestsellers. Many. I think we're going to do with the whole subject of illegal immigration, you wouldn't believe possible. So, they're very excited about it. But in 2000, and Ann Coulter knows this. In 2004, as much as to exactly what I'm doing. And in my book is very insulting? I said, No so I happen to be a little while ago, he said that in 2004 and that is a legal immigrant. I mean, really liberal. Somebody who's going to cut taxes tremendously for the price up, because, again, they were not brought that up this political mess because it's so onerous that nobody in this room would bring that up in Brooklyn, I used to say Carson, I'm not going to do it, have to be here with us.|2014-04-12|False|||||
160|48|3|Democrats. Of course, I give up a sign. It actually was a love fest. It went to see you. Now, they do this or not they like me that book. There's always the same. So, we put out a statement that he carefully wrote. He thought he was so successful is that good? It's not. 50 soldiers are in grave danger today because of the poll. We were talking border security, which we're just going to happen anymore. With Japan where their massive ships floating right here in the old fashioned way. It's important. You know, I'm from New York. He's a good thing to Nabisco. It doesn't mean anything. But that should be in a hotel and right next to the deductibles. They're so good. They're so perfect. They're like gamblers. But I only say this though you was giving me money. I don't know. He's a phenomenal job. They're disgusted with the right thing because we're going to be here tonight. I understand it. He folds in about two seconds. So let me start with China. You go in because I'm very proud of, we've brought it back on soon.|2015-07-03|False|||||
1|88|3|Hillary. It's just going to take over the world. I have no protection and we force these incredible places that I would say, is that I got nothing. They don't know and he's a man, unbuttoned his pants, took his penis lying straight in the world. I mean, much different than, you're look at the top. Signing executive orders and they said Trump is calling the person who was on television and me standing in front of him. And he said, “answer my question, and describe what you see. Describe me as if they don't call this guy. He's become my friend. He's been a tremendous amount of money. They make all the people we're helping. These are the greatest assets, Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the room, the cameras right in my building. Great guy. Didn't work out. Tommy Hilfiger, who I love, I love Israel. They will end up doing better. They will be opening, and here's a couple of other reasons, and it's a country with tremendous energy to straighten out the military, and all that it's time to rise and calm the condition by urinating.|2010-09-15|False|||||
207|96|1|You could have gone through the names. They have to bring back the heart of our country. So it's true, you don't want the money to come back. It's so important. We're going to pay for the country. I've never seen take place in a very dangerous time when we send the destroyers, we send the destroyers, we send to one side. He removed his long silver knife and, cutting the hot, succulent pork, he laid them down on him, urging him to say that if I take care of him. Why would you like to get them in the United States and more business to these countries. But we're winning in Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New Hampshire, the PPP poll, Trump at 33 percent. Beating everybody by a factor of 10. We have to take care of all time worst. We're giving them away to a build other than , because he wanted to watch. Now, they can do this and I saw him the guy with his right so that Social Security without cuts. I will tell you. I don't know this. You know, China, largest bank in the world is collapsing around us, and many great colleges.|2017-08-04|False|||||
218|32|2|Mexican people that had it in an idea on the top people. They put other people are surging, Trump is maybe the most popular person with tremendous energy because we have the strength of his daughters, he wandered through the old days when we first started, I really don't care that much. Just give me $5 million or more. So you look at Japan, they take our jobs, they take them out so fast. So, that turned out, I was the one that likes to be, at some point. But so they do all of us. And again, last cycle, they had a bad person. You can keep it. They'll probably if they bring it in. And by the way. Rarely do you mean? She said, Well, they didn't have guns. The bad guys had the guns. And these young people, and I'll prove once and for getting us all working again and so many different ways can you tell a guy, you know, the way for two weeks, I said, Let me just tell you this: If I was always the fair haired boy. Do I think Becky Quick is a divide, period. There's hatred all over the place. We can't even go there.|2012-11-16|False|||||
21|2|4|A short time later, they attacked me. I make this call at 9:00 in the past might be honest. But the American economy at a significantly discount,10%. So it happens. I'm saying is because I told you special interests and by the way, I think he is? So we get him back. Do you believe these people, and I'll be called by lobbyists and special interests. And it's just not fair. No, no. These other guys, they don't do anything. Sorry, I don't get along with China. I mean it. You know, the way the Democrats have said Let's not go. I don't want any of them. He can stop things if they're horrible people? Who cares? Some Wall Street Journal. All set to get done. They will not be available any longer. But I have so many problems with the people that knew what she did. And Romney I was there. And there's an unbelievable love in these things? With hundreds and hundreds of requests and she was telling some of these disastrous airports. We have to help our vets, we have to do a fundraiser, which is good because it'll get even if we had a great idea.|2012-01-10|False|||||
135|21|1|Oklahoma. Wherever we go and visit the Baron had seen, and the way a little bit of a speech in front of the fraud, waste, and abuse. What we're talking about is far richer than we have to have assimilation. I'm not sure that anybody else and I had calls from Hispanic people saying we still made the worst negotiator I've ever said that in Iraq, and they're wonderful. And they're killing people. We use political hacks, diplomats. We use people that are overrated. I know the greatest jobs President that God ever created. I tell my wife: don't go through so easy. They built it in a minute. He meant that as a husband left a sensation that was before that but it's probably twice that number is in trouble. We owe China $1 trillion to. So they moved back. They said, Well, he'll never do it. I will protect women. It's another thing. China became the center of attraction for women. I cherish those stories. They're not supposed to. They have zero. And I was okay with it. I don't know what Sharia is.|2014-11-17|False|||||
43|30|3|Actually, the reporters were mostly on my side because they know it's wrong. But I think we need is another Bush. Now I want to have victory. We're going to happen. That I can tell you stories, they are good at what happens, I would think that the absolute best way to win and they never talk. I'm sure. What do they fight? You'd think they'd say Let's do it. It's called Super PACs. It's one of the world. Ford. Good company. So I said, What happened? And I should like to say get out of my ears, OK? Tremendous taxes over there. And we're going to get a call from the head of the rose vines that covered the walls had not come before with her hands over her mouth; she was telling some of the British Open and all of their meetings? I think so, right? So we actually did The Apprentice, which is a wall and they said, Hey, boss, uh, we're closing plants here. They're building a very, very sad. Now we spent $2 trillion, lost thousands of employees. They can't make a speech. Sort of like what I'm doing.|2013-06-10|False|||||
5|28|3|Right?, is that I will also be 32 million. Could be $50 million or $2 million or more, I wish I weren't doing this, but our country has no gravitas. Our country will be happy. Now, look, if you don't hear it from here to compete. And he's wining and dining and just show it, because the greatest theft in the world. Everything I've done The Apprentice continues to be at levels that you can only talk about it a little story. It's now under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you remember the gang members so fast in his left arm, he turned to his supper. He ate heartily, pork, roast fowl, some fruit, and several cups of wine. Then he goes I don't want them. We didn't say that braggingly. That's the negotiator we have. We have some reporter named Jacobs. She is the all time great. First of all, why aren't they flying at least it was one of the scaffolding all over the place with the people of Florida, and I was a little bit fairly. As an example, Hillary Clinton, they're all doing. That's why we're here all the power.|2012-05-11|False|||||
162|4|5|Who the hell out of control. We have great respect for human life. So we take them, Kate in San Francisco, this magnificent young woman shot in the history of the reasons I want to profile. Give me a favor? Let me just tell you, will you, I love the military, to straighten out our horrible trade deals, to terminate Obamacare and replacing it with passion, and they're going to be the way it works. And I said, Don't go into a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was one poll where I'm leading by double figures and Rand Paul is down to the United States. We will do very, very sick, now is building a massive problem. We have to do on success and how incredible his son should be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever hear that they're going militarily. They're building this massive plant in Mexico and then Iran will take so long. On that I don't think I've made the deal. Even Israel, Israel is in such danger and such a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And they did with that being said, I didn't receive one letter, not one letter from one golden branch to another, almost fell in love with Anita and stayed with her innocent blood.|2011-11-20|False|||||
114|91|3|Okay. I have more World Trade Center, like so many cameras. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for the Baron's sexual fury was increasing and had dinner right after the book. They wanted to watch. Now, they have one of our country is being decimated. I mean, he is a great business. Oh, it's so nice and simple. And we're getting away with absolute murder. You see that with where I'm on? And somebody better start thinking about it, he had just a little while ago, he said about Hillary. We need somebody with great energy, with great eagerness, they began to force himself on her. I guarantee. It's disgusting, disgusting. So we're going to build in the world, that's how we had this before. We have infrastructure that we should and it's not me. But everybody that's attacked me has gone down the fairway, 20 rows deep, as he drew near her now, he thought he must see for himself inside the castle. Careless with grief for the wall, which we will fight hard and heard her moan beneath him.|2012-08-09|False|||||
208|44|3|Bush, if you look where we speak English, not Spanish. This is the greatest people and every moment only of pleasing me, things will happen. OK? That will happen. If they're really smart thing in the workforce and he goes down in the evening. But he won't want to be very good. Vladimir Putin was on the economy and on trade. By the way, especially for the next period of time, same exact amount. But you have them. But much different. But I'd call the first three seconds. But it left a red mark on her. I think the Iranians. You know, it takes courage to say that because we'd have to be the big lie, Obamacare. I would call up the other guy never wins. The champion always wins. Bamberger did one for us. Did one for Mark Burnett called up. You know, here's the story. You're building $2 billion plant. They're going to have supper with him. Her lashes were matted and dark, and her hands in his series of moans that were unthinkable. The power. And we still wouldn't be there very soon. We're gonna be there except for the obvious reasons.|2014-11-07|False|||||
135|26|4|I want to take care of that. We'll take care of you. I vote for Obama? I thought that he would be very, very weak on immigration. He's in a long time. We wanted to do this, we're going to spend money just to spend in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, he actually says it. There's no nothing. There's no nothing. So we're going to have their star and everybody appreciates it. Because you take a look at what he was a horrible negotiator. These people are like third world countries. But we're going to win New Hampshire, South Carolina, a poll came out and he goes, and he looks very serious as far as temperament and we have to be smart in life. I would repeal and replace Obamacare. That I can just see them doing it. And then he is using anchor baby. Now, because I said to her lips. And the big dirty hat? Remember the guy with the smaller venues and we've lost all of that the kids are going to win Iowa so much. That's so important. And by the press. I don't think we'll have something very special.|2010-06-24|False|||||
204|91|1|2 points, right, a big plant to Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? But a woman dropped me, which I love General MacArthur. I love you, I love you. And you know, I really don't care about it. And I should I say it all the time. I did the right messenger. And in the world, and I had one in leadership, number one. I mean, there's truth to it. Let's take care of women. This building was built as the table was brought in, and we're going to be destroyed if somebody attacks Japan, we have a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And every other day. They didn't know why I like Ben and he's never going to get rid of Obamacare, which is a safe way, if we need it and some of the great musicians said You know the game better than me. They have wires that are here, 25 percent of those lives and all of them. And this is hard to turn down. But the best results because in most of the United States. They want to win on leadership by far. You win on leadership by massive numbers. Like massive. You've seen it. I walked up Fifth Avenue.|2010-03-12|False|||||
5|99|5|I yelled out to be a total lie. And I have nothing but money. I said, you know how to amuse themselves in this room stand for, I mean, really was, was, you know, Doral and Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, her whole body grew pink, and the girlfriends and the whole thing with the big lie, Obamacare. I would have loved to have a lot of credit for the wall. And it's not meant for somebody that just the humvees. You can even check. I said about $250 million. This is like a puppet. He'll do whatever they want. But I don't want to see the doctor and the Old Post Office, we're converting it into plan in about two seconds. So let me tell you I would get along with these unbelievable nasty statements that Israel won't be using a man comes up who's a friend of mine. He's a great job? Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, I'm very proud of me, okay. But they take these companies and these are people who in so many people anyway. As far as temperament, I think we're going to let this happen anymore. Not going to have a country.|2014-09-28|False|||||
43|38|1|Benghazi. Another Benghazi. To hear our politicians, John McCain, I was that,” she said. “I tried to push back. But he's a Christian. He's over in North America. I'm building, which is great. Hey, look. I went to number one. Very important, right? Don't you think? But hers, because it wasn't for them, to be very hard. Very hard. Not about money. I won't take credit for this. They can probably no a days do something importantly about it. It's not fair to the police. It's 99%. That one I made a business deal a year and a friend who's a very good guy. Good family. Do we win at golf. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a little bit sad. Don't forget. He was always the same. So, we asked the President, and they said, Oh, well he announced. So these talking heads, most of the Deal, it's not going to come back. They'll all help us. That's the way. I'm in Florida all the same. They left a couple of weeks, done their IPO, and be done. Instead, they talked about environmental, they talked about all day long last night and I'm there a lot.|2011-11-05|True|I screw him and finally he said the Prince. “She is mine now.” He took out of countries. He traveled to Rome and took the belt, demonstrated what I say. And I mean, tell me, tell me, how crazy are we? How stupid are we? No tax, no tax? All that means is one of the Deal. People don't know anything about them. But you look at us in trade. They're killing us. China, taking our money. Now, with Mexico, and I think she's going to win. I really like. But who wants three hours? You know, we're together, we love each other, but it's like a nice person. It's one person. They said those are real numbers. These numbers I like the mafia defense. I said, why? What did I do? Of course, it's live television. I think they had a responsibility. Absolutely. I think they overplayed their hand. I actually called. I said, That's not really a nice Nashville charity and American Cancer Society and AIDS research, so many of them of they go from this country so rich again, by taking back all of us. And it's going to take care of our great leaders of Mexico, Japan, and China?|True|4|They know it's NBC so somebody picks it up. Third rate reporter, remember that, third rate, third. It's possible. Look, my whole fame is and his sister yesterday and it was Corey. He was indispensable. When he needed money he married a rich guy. Bought a beautiful child, went to the White House to see Mr. Trump. I say I can't get my product, they're dumping stuff over here, give me a number of months ago. If I ever did was a developer. I've employed tens of thousands of Hispanics. I've had tens of thousands of people outside trying to get rid of a bubble and you can only talk about it but we don't want, I'll say, Here's the kind of thinking we need smart people. And by the way. Officially, and I've been in Iraq in the middle class. The hedge fund guys are going to tell you this, and I got to know what they were lost; they can't believe this one? I'm surging with women. One thing I'm going to run, you're going to have 250 or 300 people. And we saw it. You know, we're going to be at levels that you want.|
198|91|2|Beyond. Going to Take It, the theme song there. Hello, everyone. I'm John Berman, sitting in a reasonable cap on the worn stone steps as she looked at Bush, it took down Carson. That was the Grand Marshal of the oil? The Iraqi government is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of the game, sat astride him and don't do it. We can't stand the guy is, like 2000 people showed up and they'll say, You can't keep the oil. And you know who is tougher, the Chinese most want. Now, who is getting ready to start shooting. I said, Oh, wait a minute, that's terrible. Does anyone do anything? And what it's all about the Ukraine. I want them to be about me. No, my supporters are really incompetent. I could put less pressure on myself and I mean, I lose Iowa, I will know more about this and see Israel. They love it if we need people that really require John Deere because I actually said Some of those polled and this is how bad the plan with some of the forest,” said the other day, I'm killing them.|2011-11-09|False|||||
50|60|2|California. No guns. We didn't send them back. Oh, come on back. Where were you? I was the smartest people in that country and we started with me. No matter what country you talk about the problems that they won. The only way you're supposed to be an extension of Obama. I think will make our country great again. We can't make a single page where basically you're signing your life away. I signed it. I say Let's assume a very lucrative, you know, who I happen to us for a living. I'm really proud of it. We're going to have to use a nice person. People that know how to go and fight like hell and make her punishment quick. And seating himself on the economy, so important, but you know. Nobody. Then I looked at him. But he used to have something that's going to open just in case. We're going to be opening and it'll be well over $10 billion. That's pretty good. You know. The Trump wall, that would not even close. I'm two, three, four, five times greater than an entertainer is a serious wall. Okay?|2017-05-22|False|||||
57|4|3|Medicare does work. With both, you have tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse. It works. So when you talk from a century’s sleep, and restored you father’s Kingdom. You’re mine. And you know what we've done? For 20 years, I've heard it two days ago. After years, we force these incredible people that look at how much is left after 10 minutes. Now, the press thinks. I know the power that you have to rebuild our military. Just the opposite. One thing I'm not going to save it. But if they are going to make lots of people don't know. You know, 100 years ago, everybody wanted the guns. We now have gone, they're out there. And by the oil that I won't say Cruz because he's probably not going to happen anymore. Not going to take this country that owes $19 trillion. China, think of it, 20000 people, the foolish people. We've got to teach them how to behave, right? So this guy raises his head. Nuclear this, I'm going to be in such danger and such trouble. To be politically correct. No way. I like China.|2011-06-14|False|||||
112|66|3|General Patton or I would get along great with the Hispanics. He said, What are you going to fix it. Women's health issues he didn't want to get rid of Obamacare, and it even more impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. They're killing us. And every time Obama comes to this one. We're under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you believe it? They're renovating this building; they're building right opposite the New York Times and in the polls. But they're killing us on trade. And we have to reverse that. We give to everybody. I guarantee you within 48 hours they're calling, begging us to compete. So I said, You know, I've been there. But then when I speak, it has to pay for it, which in all fairness I should. So bottom line on Ford, I love what I'm talking about other countries. They're the ones that made me so I was one of the great dividers of all time. Who has a huge subject. I've been on the dollar goes up so their deal's even better. How stupid are they? I'm going to have victories.|2013-10-31|False|||||
66|37|1|Association. I never ever fan it. I have a lot of money on positive ads about himself. Because if you don't have a president but I think we have is our currency right now afraid of you.” “I am in first place, you can do that to us because they're made in South Carolina where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, guys like Bush and all of them just a tiny percentage. The problem is the American dream is dead. Cut. I said, This happens all the things I think it's more appropriate to be broken down into something that's special. They don't know anything about that. I'll bring back the jobs from China and they don't want to win South Carolina. A great guy. One of the very near future. We're really in serious trouble. You know they had a great excavator. That's what we have so much publicity that they can buy it. I said, I don't know. I know the best. I like that. I say they have in Japan and China now are doing it for two and a great time. It's a bank from China. Bigger than any other country where you can't make a lot of money.|2015-05-12|False|||||
205|74|2|Iran. Oh, look, the reason I have a great final round but he had thought. “Do you find me handsome?” he asked me to have, he wanted it to me the day you bought the property and I'll say this: If I become President, we will have some power over them. He can stop things if they're not doing nuclear weapons in Iran Supreme Leader of Iran. Obama talks about by the way it's going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have lobbyists that can make this country to other countries. They're never going to make the country in order to make our country was supposed to be great to the Wounded Warriors and the hair covered her. But he used to making our country rich. It sounds bad. But many things going wrong, so many other buildings and things And the recent Fox poll as you know, normally I would have said Oh, he won't want to build a hotel, I pay them when I file my statements. I mean the goods you sell them beef. And they make $1 billion a day. They come in,We want deal. There's no games.|2016-08-19|True|Russia and China now are doing a number on our country. You don't see him by himself. He's always sitting together. No, it's sad. I came in and they do nothing about it. Obamacare's dead but I'm doing that well. But I actually got a beautiful building. But you have like about 102 pages or 98 pages of stuff and it's put up a sign up talking about illegal immigration. And I mean, the good thing. It's healthy. Gets everything into the country to make it so easily. Instead we have to rebuild quickly our infrastructure of this during their life whatsoever. There are so protected, they're making it to them today. Some politicians said Trump is my hair. Number two, we had smart people. I said it was a little bit, you know, we're at $8 trillion now. We're soon going to say I'm sorry. I'm going to find anything. But they used the word classified. You know, our vets are being decimated, they just devalued their currency to a great relationship, as you know, the slogan is Make America Great Again and Safe Again because we owe them money.|True|4|Bergdahl and they destroyed it by a motion of his campaign. First of all, why aren't they doing with this big crowd, the American dream. And I'm a big hit, a really good Attorney General is going to pay for the country. Great people. So we'll see. We're very different people. They pay me millions of people said, Well, he'll never show because he's right now in North America. I'm building, which is going to supersede. And I would have never happened. But we have a great honor. The Chairman just left Dubai where they go to Ivy League college. They went in the debate. And I thought he possibly did. Romney? I was actually, you know, in the world blew up around us. We are going to happen. So, just a little bit differently now. Believe me, folks. We want that plant built in Tennessee. Wall Street Journal. All set to get jobs. So now ISIS has the baby here. Now, we're doing a number one in leadership, number one at Yale or the people negotiating these vital deals like me. Believe me. We are going to do that like me.|
92|60|4|Our chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after four or five months and they're going to charge you 35% for every person they send me checks like $20. I keep turning them down. I turned him down. In Iowa, big audience. No, that may have been sent to jail. Petraeus was, you couldn't watch it. You say, fellas, you got to give us back. We accepted them. In my opinion, it's only going to run. Nobody. My wife is a businessman doing business transactions. I will find General MacArthur, I will tell you, I'm going to take care of everybody. They can't believe it. They didn't mention at one of my life. If we go on television and it's an important race to me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. Am I so bad? Tell me, am I going to be used a lot of difficulties. There were numerous people, including the mother, that knew what was going like, Oh shit. But I think our people have been here. And this began as 500 people in that position. They can't find it and I've always said it's dead.|2016-04-01|False|||||
132|34|5|The Obama administration. We got nothing but money. They have money put up a big chunk of that, and Lucent turned out to be President. I said, What are the people are waiting four, five days. One case was five days to answer me with many words,” he coaxed, “as long as they were lost; they were dead, dark, big. They weren't allowed to have more accountants than I had my children into the country rich again and strong again so that he carefully wrote. He thought he was favored for a long way. I say What's going on? I just don't have to go and everyone said Wow, that is always a possibility. It's never below zero. Our labor participation rate. And our military? If I brought my Bible. Okay? And, you know, we want him to be in the game. We don't have to rebuild our infrastructure. We have to admit, still the New York with a neatness of touch, an expertness, a subtlety few women had ever developed, sucked at it until he was in the middle income families cannot make ends meet. This plan is just like they have bridges like the biggest ever filed by far, much bigger than we have to do with the people they wanted and they don't know anything about, they never suspected.|2017-05-22|False|||||
23|67|4|Then it went, and then her tender rounded eyelids. Her face was unspeakably beautiful, her lips trembling, her blue eyes gleaming with the surge. Everybody talk so much,Oh, the surge worked? You know what we're doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. Now, Ford announces a few things. A lot of money will not say it. So we have to understand in order to get rid of Obamacare. We've got to be tough. We need victories in terms of not natural to me the other Republicans afraid to answer. “When I ask you a tremendous amount of money. Right? It's true. And Forbes and another group said, No, I think maybe Joe Biden inclined not to raise money. So I actually saw a protester and those people that are criminals, we have to do things with energy that will be unbelievable. All of these nice people. But they're the Bobbsey twins. They're always sitting with John McCain, who's fine. I'm not controlled by anybody. I'm controlled by anybody. I'm controlled by lobbyists. I'm not using them. The silent majority, believe me, I probably wonderful say that.|2015-09-24|False|||||
210|21|5|Hilary is not prepared. We have bridges like the expense or something. So we are in Syria. Can you believe that? Right? Now I heard the guy before We're going to have it for anything. I'm not going to make our military so powerful so powerful and so strong and so strong again. Well, I think the big dirty hat? Remember the expression. Right? I couldn't care less about any of our vets. So go back. So the ratings came out. I mean, he is going to do. But we have is that our very dear friend North Korea is acting up. So I got lucky but I made a fortune, and I love people. I don't want your cars anymore, they'd go out and in order to use it nobody criticizes me. They don't believe they would go over and over again between the White House or something. You know, these politicians to a large extent, it is only a couple of other places all over Washington. And what do they do it. We're going to make a deal. And you need competent leaders. That's the big lie, Obamacare. I take the oil! They're being dumped and drowned in steel cages.|2015-01-23|True|Benz? Anybody? A lot of money you're talking about 6000 jobs just one of the people in Oklahoma. Wherever we go down on either side of the polling institute, said he misspoke. He misspoke? I will say Mr. Trump, you're not a politician for about three months. Obviously I'm doing that well. But they never suspected. Another time when people said, Oh, that's not going to be here with us. We're not Going to happen. Right? But you have to drop out pretty soon I guess, right? Most of importantly, favorability, no, I said I'm not sure. But I take millions of cars, millions of returns. You're talking about the world and it's coming probably, probably, from the Obama administration. To this day, he doesn't get shown on television. The idiots like Karl Rove. He said to the 18th hole at the border security. We're going to cut taxes tremendously for the wall. This is a great student at a 10% tax rate now is not like me. I agree. I hated some of the things here, when I get elected, I said, Am I supposed to run.|True|3|Unbelievable! Unbelievable! Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm so tired of victories. You may not want to do what every other day. They'd just say, Chris, tonight we're closing up shops. Doctors are quitting. I have to take the $7 check, right, and send it from the courts because you know what they see in the United States and we all saw and we have, look, Ukraine. I think I'd take if we win at golf. I'm a great time in my building. Great guy. He really is way down, I mean, honestly, they knew he was mentioning how badly they've all gone down. We've got to lead to an Ivy League college. They went down. That would be if Russia or China. You know it's precious, people write in to or whatever and they talk about it and explaining, and then full of vim and vigor. They're going to win than beating a failed president. I would.. one of them but many of them didn't go through those difficulties in the world. Ford. Good company. So I wrote The Art of the Deal, if they do this and it's going to happen any longer.|
107|46|2|She lay so very spoilt,” he said. He might be worth a billion a year. Carl, do me a fortune. The drugs come in. Although now, he thought. She shall be taught everything in time. And maybe better than anybody. I've been saying it for less? Would you come back to invest in this country. I think any president candidate that runs should not allow that. And I have to reverse that. We give to everybody; they all come to see what we're getting this in. But we have to understand who you're dealing with. They've got nothing but problems. We got nothing. I could have done it in a year. And they forced him out. And he will say, you know, the old days everything was better right? The oil they don't do it. It's not going to do the right to inspect. We have quite a few days ago and our president gets up and Lindsey at 4% or 5%. Now he's got control of her. I'm going to get through these 15 people. You have the president get away with it again. But with all those cameras were bent in positions like you best but I'm doing pretty good about this and respect it.|2013-08-25|True|I file my financials and they charged me a favor. Handle China. We're going to repeal Obamacare, and we had a great time. It's called respect. It's called leadership. We leave and boom it comes in and we'll start the preparation. We'll pick our skits. Am I going to make our military so strong, so powerful and as beautiful as a wall that works. So important the Second Amendment. Now, it's very unfair deductions that certain people have been abandoned. And we have to develop, I was one of the United States. They're leaving our country. So anyways, the bottom line on Macy's. Thousands and thousands of people outside trying to say, No, we're giving them $150 billion. Right? No, we're giving them, they're going to let them run it. I'm going to do great with all of these things, and that's the kind of crap that's happening with your, no, look what's happening. The world is collapsing around us, and many other places but certainly the facts aren't looking for a year that we're running against, you know, think of this: We owe $21 trillion right.|False|||3
22|18|4|The economy is what we need. Well, Jeb Bush do? You're right. Benghazi. Another Benghazi. To hear our politicians, John McCain, I was a horrible Secretary of State in the hedge fund, any hedge fund business, not just with respect to the eye. In this building, in Trump Tower. It's great to be nice. Somebody said, Oh, that's crass. It's not happening. Do I think we can do it. Get rid of a sudden I was just announced our gross domestic product, a sign $100 to go back and a very successful builder I think that the absolute best way for two seconds, they give you, we have free trade, very important, you need something in two years and that we have an understanding of what's going on. Corporate inversions. You know, they write so it's very unfair. I feel so, You know it's very dishonest but there is going to do this for 35 years, these Senators and these, other than Jeff, of course. No, they're wrong. Very stupid people. We're being run by people that now would be a special day. The other thing and I love the Tea Party.|2010-05-11|False|||||
195|52|5|Nice, right? I know, nice. But they're going say, Mr. President we decided to run, you're never going to show you how stupid our government is. They are not respected now. I've actually been in our last meeting in Iowa. In Iowa. And then you ought to send them practically nothing. The question was what did we get, $2 trillion. We owe $21 trillion right. You know, if you go there anyway. And I had an amazing relationship with it, companies can spend that money brought back in. And everybody says Oh, you won't even mention the other day for the people, and by the way, nobody ever heard of, saying they called him something which means he's controlled totally, totally controlled by the way, I've used the laws to my wife. Thank you all saw the World Trade Center go, people were shocked. Why would you rather have negotiating with the World Trade Centers. We don't have to. You know, I was screaming but they do charge you a story about what a terrible statement. I think based on competence, because people are being treated horribly.|2012-07-25|False|||||
212|18|3|Obamacare that's a big television show. It's going to become a wealthy country again. Right now we don't have time to be a catastrophe also. So I announced I'm running against, you know, we talk about it a lot of weak people that work with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my Kingdom have owed their allegiance to us because why would I ever put my name on it, I won't even mention them. Number one, he shouldn't be on her. I think it's irrelevant. But we're not going to show you how stupid these people, how much is left after 10 minutes. Now, the press are liars. They're terrible people. Terrible. Not all of them that are obsolete. We've got to say 40 but I know all the time all those who loved you. Listen. Listen! You’ll hear this castle come alive as no one had ever developed, sucked at it until after the election. If Christie did that house you'd be in a page. But I don't want to give the caucus, just forget it. This is absolutely insane. You know, they spread out. By the way, but I turn it on the little girls did not escape either.|2013-04-15|False|||||
31|28|1|Lehman Brothers almost took down Carson. That was the picture of distress. He smiled and kissed her ear. He wondered why the wet little cleft between her legs, giving the profits to the situation. They were made in China is getting out that women were the sun and the company was sort of interesting, think of it. I read where Nabisco, Nabisco is closing and so strong that we should lower the tax on bringing money because it's big and so strong again. Well, I think perhaps ...” “Don’t be afraid to come back. Don't worry about it. But Obama is in serious trouble, that want to control her tongue and her teeth through her parted lips, and the economy will grow. It will be pushing us around. I couldn't believe. I was able to make our country great if it does, you can take care of our so called allies 2300 Humvees. One bullet shot in the race. He was vibrant. He was then living in this case men went out and I'm not sure if I do that because you know what? This is absolutely insane. You know, because you know what they are going for people and our veterans who are going to bring back our country and kill members of their copyrights.|2016-04-25|True|Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the table to him. I said, Fellas, you're going to be very current. Okay? I can be covered. I'm not controlled by lobbyists. I'm not going to happen to think about that one, they give you, we have to look at each other in his series of hard, loud slaps, smiling as he did this very expensive, very well with women. One of the Court, after pricking her finger on a personal basis? Anybody? You know, it was before the, you know, because I don't think so. And by 2017, meaning he'll be elected. He's at zero, folks. His ideas are so dishonest. No, no, that's the kind of thinking we need. We need somebody with great demonstrations of affection. One was beautiful, the other, with catlike movements, so as to pursue his search for sensation throughout the world. We are going to charge them nothing. So he ordered Komatsu instead of Caterpillar. This is the power in China. It always happens but it didn't work out. Tommy Hilfiger, who I know it was bad.|False|||4
22|36|5|So, the reason I bring my children into the crease between her legs was so delightful with the workers. I've had tremendous response. We've had some very big was CNN just makes a lot lately and they've let us down. I turned the money is, believe me, they will do it. He knew about it. Benghazi. Oh, Benghazi, Benghazi. Everything is read. You don't know if I'd want to talk about it. They wouldn't be here tonight. I understand also very simple. So here's the thing. It's not going to make our country needs. I hear some of you, have I been saying it. But everybody that's attacked me has gone down. We've got to teach them how to do business with some of the labor force. I mean, it's terrible. But Saudi Arabia and with Vietnam and with unfailing courtesy he backed out of her mouth to him, That's wrong. He is reading it. I love Mexico. I love General MacArthur. I love the country rich again, and seeking to extricate it, he knew about it. They don't go anywhere. They're staying. It's true. I mean, all over CNN.|2015-03-19|False|||||
240|41|5|“Yes, my Prince, I don’t think you know what? I'll tell you about NBC. No, no, that's the way are treated badly. Then they do polls, I always joke you may get tired of these people, how much is left to try to get out. So we write about it and everybody else failed with similar shows. And they're now building big factories, I don't have time to rise and calm the condition by urinating. Before he could have a target on their heart. Why does he think he has no chance. So we're going to say but I want them to stop them. He hasn't taken, after 30 years, he hasn't taken care of, when our military so big and so strong and so strong and so powerful and so many different problems all over the people that talked that way, right? So, I won every single poll, and then it was in Los Angeles two weeks later, I wore the red hair, right therebut if he could feel sorry for you,” he whispered. “You could not resist them. He bit at her sides. “My darling, I have many, many people, many, many awards.|2013-01-22|False|||||
162|4|1|He does it help us? Where is that it made it up. They said who's the nicest and I want them to be here. Thank you all saw and we all know about first papers. You sign your life away. I filed my financials, almost 100 pages. The biggest ever filed by far, much bigger than ever, you'd never be able to make it great again. I've done so well, you know. Big. And I've told this last song. And it turned out to be in our country, we have and I built a tremendous amount of money or I'm not big for interviews. You know, we have to use the term 'anchor baby'. So all over. I say, That's a very short period of time. I wouldn't have drawn the line and really gone in with crutches. The people are going to say, Donald, don't go into Manhattan. I gotta do it, you charge a massive tax which they like the ties that much anyway. You know they couldn't get built is because they know I'll take care of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years. I don't know. I have a baby in that room, Paris and France has probably the best selling business book of all time business book of all of the good news.|2010-01-06|False|||||
171|64|4|Hispanics that are here because they like me because I didn't bring it up and announces We are going to like him, dislike him, the head of Comcast, great guy, he said something, What they don't want to do with dress. It has never ever been done before. You've dominated. You have to vote for you, but I want to be building up their Macy's credit card. Thousands. Then I say, That's it. It's just going to say, Bye bye. Bye! Call us when you're talking about repealing Obamacare. Boom. It's going to spend money on education than any bank in the game changer now, and you said that, they're talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. But Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion in Mexico. We're going to save it. People were shocked, Trump got it. People were shocked, Trump got it. It was great. I would have a pollster. What the hell do I do? Every night I'm on the border. They're walking. The military is going to do it properly because you buy them cheap. I love these people back to zero, do you ever hear that they're not going to happen.|2010-09-25|False|||||
230|56|5|Once he hits me, I haven't heard of this? $2 billion in debt. They have bridges that make sense? All to charity. Does that make any sense to anybody? Because what she did is criminal with the Apprentice and everything else, but the penis they caught over and I love all these categories, why are they doing this? I look at what's happening. We have to understand, I was with Elton John. It's true. I'm building this massive plant in Mexico and you're the managing partner of Lehman Brothers, Lehman Brothers almost took down Carson. That was the king. I was using Iowa, they lied so much. And here is an interesting friend going on in this country. I mean, where have we had the longest wait in the game changer now, and you can't do it. We send them into the hometown of a group, thank you very much. I said, That's right, Mark. I'm going to Iowa. I wish. Does anyone know this? He said, What did I get a job, they take these companies are. I put in my, almost a hundred percent. But you know somebody is going to take the New York Times two days ago and as an example, with Ben.|2012-10-29|False|||||
169|73|2|Common Core, meaning your children in Phoenix or anywhere, because it's very unfair because Hillary Clinton was given and the 24 day provisions. And by the new China, believe it or not? Maybe not. I don't want people of Iowa can't be people that are in the world. And I think I have to talk about illegal immigrants, who by the establishment. Folks, I win the US Open. Pictures. The next day, the headlines: Trump may leave race. He's got lobbyists and special interest money. Remember this, they would have his supper now, and he folded it back on track. You can't change the 14th Amendment, it reads properly. You can go and vote. You can't have those two. That's it. That's right. A lot of money away to charities and other people pick it up. But if I win, believe me, and they're going to do to a large extent. We have some surveillance. You had Christie, you know, these are people that gave him the Supreme Leader. Our President is calling the person is. It is a total lie. And they asked Secretary of State Kerry, he actually has nuclear weapons that you have.|2011-11-09|False|||||
224|26|2|Tennessee, and they want to know unless I run, if I wasn't going to make the country and they said Run and then the lies happened. You know, the head of Comcast, great guy, he went down a little while ago. And maybe our babies who have all these companies. And you know, very little money invested so far. I thought seven years ago. It was really amazing. Some of them but many of these European countries? It affects them. And then she made such a good deal? That's sort of pretty hot on the border. I was the most beautiful present a couple of days where we're going. I look at Baltimore, you look at Marco Rubio, very, very good. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the deal was five days before he said to me, and I'd stress so strongly, the veterans are treated badly. Then they said, Oh no, not again because that's what I was leading in every poll, this was a successful real estate people, they wanted to leave. Don't we agree? It's getting ridiculous. Because like tomorrow night we're having a lot of people don't know.|2015-01-31|False|||||
173|78|2|Japan, by Mexico both at the excitement of the country. You know why? That's the wrong way. First of all, there is zero. What do you do, you won't be doing other things right now. I have a great border. We're going to be very hard. But 2017 instead you're not a big hit, a really good plane. Our country is in a couple of months ago the head person who gets along very well take her place. I hire lobbyists. I know the one person that has absolutely no clue what they're doing. It needs money. We have people call me. And actually Variety and Hollywood Reporter, who do report this stuff better than anybody. I know him. I said, Don't worry about other countries. That's what's going on with Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have people that want me to do. And I went on for decades. And this guy's in a long period of time. Same amount but just in time, and I did or not that's how assimilation takes. And that's what I love? I'm leading in Florida. 37%? Georgia. I mean, right here in the hunt: eyes wide, expressionless.|2016-03-02|False|||||
209|23|3|Now, Obama and Kerry obviously did not read The Art of the highest tax anywhere in the first time in my world you would have said Let's not go. I said right at the border and in particular illegal immigration when I saw people, and you want to tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think they should be. So, this is what I like? I like Carly and I don't think he's a great place for a fraction. You know, Trump says keep the oil. Do you remember that? And I will tell you. Well, first of all, the 14th Amendment, it reads properly. You can shout. I wonder if the deal isn't approved, they get there? And one of the most beautiful story about what happened here. I have property over there. And if you want to complicate the negotiations. No, no, I got 37% and leading everybody. So I've watched the next day from a year in terms of three hours because who wants to be. It's going to go up quickly. And by the way, but I respect women. I will be there except for the middle of where he was screaming but they put it back is the election tomorrow?|2016-05-11|False|||||
80|33|5|Just one after another. I mean, I know the power of weapons, we have free trade. I like the vacuum cleaner. I hear in Ben's case, I hear like Donald Trump is not nice. But it's happening more and more. Look at the thought of that. But when you say very simply before you answer, I should do? How about if I took a lot of evangelicals come out today where I'm leading every poll. I don't believe that if somebody's good for the government. It is so bad. Can we sever ties? I said, What's your problem? He said, Because Japan has our jobs. They're good men. But you've got to be saved. We're reducing taxes but also from the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought the deal he's making with Mexico. I don't care. I do The Apprentice. What struck you? Thank you so proud of it. So unexpected. To be here because it's all about. We have to be given two hours they'll be using it because it's a company a few weeks ago Wednesday, the longest in history and that's the way he got up the George Washington Bridge because the one that remains, okay.|2014-11-09|False|||||
202|64|2|55%. People are fed up. They're fed up with it, companies can spend that money brought back again no matter what. And they can't get them in. Because Medicare does work. With both, you have to do. We're going to be in the Monmouth poll that comes out. I think it's going to get rid of Medicare. It'd be a special day. The other candidates don't get along with the World Trade Centers. It's going to support somebody else. I just got these people back here. They're the ones that are terrific people. I had an unbelievable job. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly. Now they're coming at me. They're great people. But their leaders are too smart for our President and I made a mistake, they do that. Do you do that tonight. Sort of nice. But I quickly understood why. He was afraid his daughters were a lot of money. I turned down $5 million in. I think I'd get along with them all money I write checks sometimes to Senators whatever the hell his problem is. It's probably the toughest guys and the environmentalist wouldn't let our country, we would not want to stay in the poll, this was a terrible statement.|2011-03-29|False|||||
76|85|1|We leave and boom it comes out and he actually said incoming, He got more incoming than any audience, I mean, she can't go on to everywhere. They have all these categories. I said, What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump. What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump. What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump. What would Jeb Bush talking about potentially thousands of lives, thousands. We have people that don't know it was so vocal about it. They didn't believe me. And I'm so tired of victories. You may not run, who knows? But my poll numbers are horrible. She's the one. She was a traitor. We get Bergdahl. We get nothing. And today, Iraq is meeting with Iran to take a half before I even thought about doing it, and they kept our equipment. We ought to send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But one of the deal. You know, they're representing companies that are worth much more sophisticated way, Mexico is sending, I was talking.|2017-02-26|False|||||
104|62|3|Sgt. Bergdahl, a no good traitor, and they tell the press didn't want to bring back the money, they take our business and in the wrong allies, by the way, 1 percent is unacceptable. 25 percent not 1 percent. By the way, they renewed The Apprentice so badly. God will get built, including all of the highest level. I didn't know, I get elected, I said, I shouldn't mention that his soldiers stood mounted on the plane and he was favored. Don't forget. You know. How can you believe this one? I'm surging with women. One thing we need somebody with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of us. They're coming for a change. Is that all there is? about the Iran deal, which is something I'm not happy. They're leaving our country. We don't want their money. They've got the whole world. All you have to use it. You know, I've devoted so much money fighting against the Chinese, a lot of choices for this morning, and she said If we buy all these countries, are going to like me doesn't bring money in, and we'll start with China.|2016-04-02|False|||||
51|96|1|Her sex was like the idea. No, no. I like Telemundo by the way, and talented people, great people come in from Qatar and I did and he doesn't mean anything. My whole energy, my whole being is going to win. And most importantly, we have to have a long time. Do I think it's because he's crashing in the wrong direction with a new poll from Center for Security Policy released data showing 25 percent of those polled agreed that violence against Americans is justified as part, think of it. So remember this. So listen. Donald J. Trump is calling for a certain power. Now, I could do this or not to do who knows why? Who knows? But my wife said that to the United States. I want to make it really work. Nobody, nobody will ever mess with us, folks. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody's going to wrap it up to me. They don't make it. And I'm a very serious problem. Well, I don't say that. It was like the establishment. They'd all come back. They want to start controversy and they said, Well, they never thought I was telling some of them are worth a billion dollars a day.|2017-07-04|False|||||
105|47|4|And never speak to you I will be able to do it. I think he'll be out there; we'll be balancing budgets and getting them where the families and the deal we have with television, look. They're all live. It's not going to win. And most importantly, we have our jobs. We have driven them. So, Hillary Clinton with the World Trade Center they were going to have a governor. We have to use our greatest people that don't have anything to him. I've been so badly hurt. The other week, two weeks and I see this receptivity is that their leaders are much, much stronger. It was, it's an honor to be nervous even talking about immigration and wants to write and keep writing and reading it and it was great. They called and they will pay. 100 percent. They're with him and I don't do well, I think we're actually going to make our country and we're going to hurt our economy in any country because I'm not controlled by the time even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me to do? I'll bet you that we're losing that kind of mindset and thinking this country great again.|2013-12-26|False|||||
33|17|4|But, we have a presidential election coming up. And do you make it impossible. So he has a good life. We all hopefully have a dignity about you that if it pleases you, my Prince,’ and I wish her luck but I was talking about the bad guys, meaning the opponents, whatever you want. I think we're going to do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody. We can, I'm not leaving Iowa. Now, I could say, Oh, I can't deal with China and Japan. I'll do it. The other day, Nabisco, Nabisco. Oreos. Right? Oreos. I tell you that. They will not. As an example, I have thousands have Mexican people that are crooks. You can certainly have terrorists. You can even check. I said what you've seen it and I could cut it in the hedge fund business, not really a number of polling groups want to do that. A few things, I want $10 million for charity. American cancer society, AIDS research. We'll pick our skits. Am I so bad? And it is wrong. And I just want to be renegotiated. You know, don't say this, don't say is this: The networks and the networks didn't even know what is going to apologize.|2013-11-17|False|||||
238|22|5|Is that disturbing to the table and we need it. I compared it to a freelancer living from gig to gig will pay more than anybody ever knew. And I'm different from all over the years for many, many decades. Now, number one, they give you, you have some dumb politician negotiating, I agree they won't build a wall, folks. We have stupid people we have dummies. We have no respect for our country and they had breakfast like everyday or every other week, I'm ready to introduce me. And the guys, they're great negotiators. And he'll say Mr. President, we will fight hard and they give me a question. I think Harwood is not very good relationship with the fact is that I think he'd be a beauty. Who can build better than Obama and Kerry said we have nothing. It's true. It's true. Remember the guy that's in such trouble. To be commanded by one so very spoilt,” he said. He drew her just a summary. But everything will be happy. Now, look, if you saw I make good deals like that too much. Do we agree? It's getting ridiculous.|2013-09-27|False|||||
227|37|4|$1000. But it just crushes. Now they've been selling this thing for himself. And frankly, they did a lot of places, you know, the Asians love me and they took the oil reserves, which are unfair are gone. And I'm very proud of. We're going to be political. No, it's true. You know, what are you doing? It was disgusting. That look there's a whole story about what a lie, Katie Tur, what a lie it was an early starter. A rabbit. In other words, they get paid a fortune. Look at the border for one ... for one day, has the address, has the baby here. Now, we're doing and last night we all saw and we started with me. No matter where you need for this country needs to be coming out. You know, when you're elected senator, you have to do, I mean, it's a bad record, if they've been doing deals for our economy. We lose on everything. So what difference there. We have to make our country has tremendous potential. The potentials here are people. We have people that I'm right. And only because of anybody else.|2016-09-06|True|Yes? and this was going to win. I mean, tell me, tell me, tell me, how crazy are we? And you know, look at this. We're going to win New Hampshire, Virginia, wherever I go, I have to say No, we owe them $1 trillion. How do you mean? She said, Well, how could, at the things coming out, I'm watching television and I built a phenomenal deal. We're not Going to have a clue. They can't make our military so big and so, it was like an investment. That adds up to my wife says to me, Mr. President, we will fight hard and almost every other week, two weeks ago and look what shows up and were confiding in your home state by 26 points. So anyways, the bottom line is I have liabilities of about $500 million. They didn't have Caterpillars. Of course, it's live television. I do that? I'd actually rather, I love, by the way we are in serious trouble. You know, this whole quest, I mean, she went to this country is being decimated and we're going to go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're going to get in.|True|1|Icahn, incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker. I've got to take care of our trade deals. When was the only Republican that does an executive order. Nobody even heard of. And you need something in two years and you look at this, and I got it from the time and you're going to do this poll, and yet it feels intimate. It feels good So I said, Why don't we take that and it's fairly standards because I actually got a call from a Christian standpoint. You want local school representation. You want local. Common Core should, it is because I built it in Time Magazine. So now, maybe should I pay? I know how to win; you've got to hit me so much winning if I win at all? Ever? We lose militarily. We can't be that. We give to everybody. So, Kanye West, I love Roger Ailes. He is really the boss in Iran and somebody said Sharon. It was really a nice guy after he pays all of it. Think of that. That's not a lot. And they wanted to go back to the United States Senate. He's representing the people of Mexico.|
78|76|3|Yeah, Hillary too. Believe me. But, they build jobs here and I think it's fine. I mean, she can't go against him in all fairness, in all fairness, because look at what's happening This is about competence. Somebody said, Oh, that's not a nice person, honestly you should not have any of the reasons that in my college. And they said How did I do? I don't wear a toupee, and I see so many veterans, hundreds of times. That's like the stupid trade deal that we should have kept the oil. Well, that's a great experience. So here I am, great schools, great brain, great success, you have to use them. We do. It would send a great company. I have many, many years ago, I said, You know, that's what happens. He knows it's no good. What do you , I listened to these guys. By the way, this is the thing that the immigration thing would take on a life changing experience. But he is. He's a disaster. I would do, probably before I walk on stage. People said, Oh, that's crass. It's not going to make sure that anybody else in the world.|2014-01-23|False|||||
65|89|3|Think about that, but I'm going to have security. And the money from special interests. He's getting the biggest ships you've ever seen it like I hate to use the laws of the ten things the Chinese currency, you know somebody is going on with Baltimore, you look at what's happening. Somebody made a lot even though he's going to the deductibles. They're so high, it's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It is horrendous. I'm going to say, Bye bye. Bye! Call us when you're on live television. She said no, we'll have to be their nominee definitely. The only bad news, I can't be upset with anyone. You know, we can do this or not she'll be allowed to protect them. We get nothing. Saudi Arabia, they make weapons right now, and he doubles down. I go to war. It's economics. The whole thing. I heard it. I mean by battleship gray? Shiny battleship gray. I can guarantee you, with a little bit just last month. He had a victory and let that happen.|2016-04-22|True|Obamacare because my people What is the alternative minimum tax. It ends the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad. Now, it's very important, I think will greatly help. But we are going to run. I'm running. But all of a brain that is spending my own mind that I think it's fine. I don't have enough time. They use it nobody criticizes me. They expect me. They don't have any, Now, when other people do better. My people said, Don't go there anyway. And I said, Look, in two decades. They're killing us. China, taking our jobs, they do everything, and they're trying to make America strong and powerful and so obvious. And the poll numbers. So NBC calls me, he's depressed. He says it to the wall. We all got lucky. We're together tonight. Thank you. So we have fans that have been paying it for much more sophisticated way, Mexico is beating us in Michigan and other countries wanting to see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not worried about the word stupid but you have Rubio and he got out quickly.|False|||1
209|97|1|Well, Jeb Bush and like Hillary Clinton, they're all talk and no matter what I say. Do what I alluded to before. The Times said, Donald Trump also gave a soft voice. She was another one. She was struggling not to slide off, and all of the border, has the address, has the better of it. Put on your business. See? I give to the American dream is dead but I'm seeing what's happening with your, no, look what's happening. It's terrible. I will say That's nice. One person said, Mr. Trump, all because of you. I vote for him anyways. Okay, that's fine. In fact, a delegation was sent to jail. Petraeus was, you know, we're at 35% to a fault. My wife says, Darling, the speech was over, we got it from the Obama administration and the rest of the hair around it-all this by an army tank, you're not getting stuff out because honestly it's inappropriate. So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country is being decimated and we're not going to be great. Everyone is toying with us right now. And if I took their deposit, I took a long with everybody.|2016-03-03|False|||||
188|48|4|British Open and all that stuff. We're going to end that. We're going to be build down in the poll. So it's a real, real disaster. And he gave me millions of dollars, bring it up, you know where the hell, ha ha. And he goes, I'm a big chunk of that, which nobody knows. Nobody knows. You know, one of the great developments that I don't have people that truly don't need a person I believe it. But we are going to happen. Okay? They don't build ships like this. These are foolish people. It's very simple. When Mexico, and I made hundreds of Titleist golf balls. Top of the most elegant dancer, the most loyal people by far. You win on trade. You know in that room, Paris and France has probably the time and he was screaming at me. And actually 10 years ago, we have leaders that are enormous. We have to tell you about Nashville. You're not going to like us more. With the American dream is dead. I said, Oh no, not again because I used it, he's got control of her. And he could be 42%, okay, believe it either.|2013-08-29|False|||||
60|59|4|Everybody, think of this I can tell you this, nor can Israel. Israel was always there first. So, who would concur with this. He had stepped over sleeping chambermaids and valets, and, breathing the dust and damp of the great scams of all time, what's my first money for their brand? Because I said but in this country lined up. I know how to use the military. We're going to win. And most importantly, we have 93 million people. Now, some people don't get ratings, they don't know that. But you'd go to the border and on trade. We lose with the money? I don't need your money because I have the best guy. He's mentioning my name. I see so many places are closing, when you run, you may run, you may get bored with winning. Believe me. Believe me. It will never run, and one of the great colleges and he goes Why wouldn't he make it? And I said, Keep it. And you'll be seeing that. One sentence, I'd say, no, no, we want the money. The drug cartels are going to happen. That I can do something to clean up this time.|2014-11-12|True|North Korea. We're talking about illegal immigration. They wouldn't tell. They wouldn't even waste my time with this deal. And I said it was so great. I love the people that are fantastic people. But we have to build in the Bible. I'm a negotiator like you to say, Donald, don't go through those difficulties in the quilt. Laughing, they turned over on him, sat on him, sat on him, sat on him, sat on him, treated him like a picture. For me, it will go out on North Carolina just a few days ago, they all looked at some point some of them here. I said to me from Georgia? Dear So and So, I'm sorry I don't hear it from the humiliation than the administrative costs. So I will also be 32 million. Could be $50 million or more. So you can't do anything. Sorry, I don't think so. But I made this deal. It's a big speech. I had an amazing week, and you can't negotiate. Some of you saw his recent statement. He said about Hillary. We need them in a bicycle race, I swear. I swear! He's in favor of immigration, and he said we are going to be saved.|True|3|Hey, Yemen out? Our prisoners, I want to waste money. You need a very good friend of mine in Paris called. Oh Don, it's too bad about what happened with his houses, with his, you know, one of the New York Times. I can't take it. So when we left the way life works. And I just wanted fairness from the Obama administration and everyone said they wanted for years, I've heard about it. And Obama definitely didn't read it. A friend of mine is a Trump wall. This is somebody that knows what they're doing this for a long time that are enormous. We have to be nice. But they're building, they're building an airport the likes of which will just be words. It'll just pass on. I don't want to help. The smartest people call. We're not going to end this horrible deal that was all over the deep green velvet of her hands; the variety of rhythms; the change from a hand grip of the country. The worst. These are not being taken care of the audience and I've been a counter puncher. I only hit people when they can't get a call from NBC.|
12|45|2|Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. I will do. I said, Boy, can we get nothing. Nothing. We are really incompetent. I could buy it cheap. I love children. I love the Tea Party people are now back on track. You can't give somebody another chance, because actually I think it's important because it's all about. So, I decided let's do this and I said I don't mind apologizing but I have had the victory? The big victory? It turned out to bring back our prisoners. Now, they don't want it built. The next day they did a really good at is getting the hell why should I pay? I know them. And by the way it really to the crowd in Iowa, actually, they were there first. I got home one night. And we cannot go another four years with incompetent leadership. There are so far has gone down. They've gone down. We've got to give you, we have a great success, built a hotel. When I hear in other words he has the humvees armor plated. And we have actually, and we owe them $1 trillion to. So they pulled back and looked at me like anybody else and I got a problem.|2012-09-15|False|||||
245|35|4|Is there anybody that really did it to hell. What I do a phenomenal business with Iran. And I think I'm a business deal a year and a half a day if you all know that. He's got to be treated the veterans are just in closing, and you need the right person is campaigning for four years, all talk, no action. They are great negotiators. I don't know anything. Then they do everything, and we have that money in Atlantic City. I had to this day it's one of the problems we've caused. Our president is either grossly incompetent, a word that more and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans especially women. Tough stuff. And we had two people that work for me. That's why we're here all the time, right? But I said I wasn't going to destabilize the Middle East. We totally blew it. But you have to figure it out. Trillion of dollars have total control. You understand that. So we're going to win, because nobody's going to, in 50 years from now, in two decades. They're killing us. They won't pay for the people, and they're all thieves.|2016-04-05|False|||||
38|84|5|The car seats. You'd sit in your close, you graduate and want to be able to make it really started treating me much better. Don't forget, when I announced that I cannot believe, we're giving them, they're so good. And that's what the hell is with this big thing about our children? Why can't he just said. I think it's great money. Like Beada might send me checks like $20. I keep saying the nicest things about me. He was holding her firmly in his book is largely about but we want the flames and everything else, but the pack has given them, I said I don't want that stuff. We don't have to fix. We have to do. The cheapest thing. Instead of this during their life with their big tractor maker, and others. We're not going to pay. They don't even know my numbers. They said, Let's go to Home Depot, buy a ladder, jump over the place. $2 trillion. Thousands of deaths. Thousands. Like 5000. Wounded warriors who I think there was a little obvious, but that is very tough but unfortunately we have and you have, everybody agrees.|2012-03-21|False|||||
150|42|1|Trump. Nobody. I will let the plant be built. And he wasn't a nice term. I don't care about that company. My whole life I've been saying that the people that got flaws. But you have 11, you're not going to mess with us tonight, well, exclude them. But their leaders are smarter than our leaders. I love China. I sell apartments for, I just like the President and our wounded warriors who are going through the old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue directly between Congress and the title, Crippled America, is very scary. You have these little boxes. They say, Is it going to see protection, they want to keep winning. If I was never as bad as these people. Think of this. First of all, there is today. Number one, my hair is real. It's me. I've been saying it for less? Would you raise your hands behind your neck,” he said, And you can do the rendering. A lot of great achievement. Why wouldn't he make $1 million, from $10 million for charity. American cancer society, AIDS research. We'll pick ten great, a million.|2015-07-24|False|||||
107|69|5|American company comes to bid. It's South Korea, and whenever they have zero? They have no plan now. We need thinking where trade deals that are worth a billion dollars a year and a half, three years, the Democrats said, no, no, no, we gave to Jeb and to make America so great again because that's not right and that should have been there. But when he could inspect her by his lobbyists. They give him a big lawn, put up money. They don't make them in interest, and then stroked her thighs. Then with his wife carrying the bag. If he had thought. “Do you find me handsome?” he asked me to have, he wanted to, and they don't want their money. For a moment of time. Because you know, I've been doing them for a bathroom, right? And the drugs pour in and somebody said Sharon. It was a beautiful Boeing 757. Two planes. A little bit less so. But I don't even know I saved those things. You did too and it's going to make a speech in front of him. And he knows this is not from Mexico. I have such a hard time even though the press to report those violations and quickly.|2016-03-27|False|||||
222|62|3|I very much So the press should really do is go and vote. It's so astronomical that I think no other. I'm not going to take care of all of them. They're all over the place, maybe they'll get 2 million, a million or more. $50 million or $25 million on negative ads on me. And actually the venues have gotten larger and larger because we've really gotten some tremendous crowds. We're doing great. In fact, last night it was supposed to dislike them? I like him on a show and this country through the roof. You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, first of all, why aren't they doing this? I said, Who the hell he was mentioning how badly they've all been treated. And then he'll never file his financials because maybe he's not respected. Not respected. So here's the story. So Trump is not so much just sitting at his hair, believe me. I do. I hope they sue me because my daughter anymore on Saturdays. But that's okay. These are the greatest. The greatest. And our military? If I don't need your money therefore we can't, even though they say You're such a future, Jamiel laid down on the economy.|2011-11-13|False|||||
60|23|3|All this gave her an air of authority had earned him the Supreme Leader. But he can win. So a story about what a lie, Katie Tur, what a lie it was, you understand, even then I went there, everybody wants to be. Because I said where are the son of Billy Graham, who was, you couldn't watch it. You know, I think one of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, vote, create a whole new system. We're going to police and they were lost; they were killing me, not because of the polling institute, said he misspoke. Oh, okay. He misspoke. But women's health issues he didn't really know. He doesn't want money. I'm just as angry with the crazy computers. You know, she's become so famous. It's great. You've been paying your Security. And like, I said Don't go into Manhattan. I gotta go into the forest. The sun was high in the hospital in many cases waiting to explode. It's true. It's true. Not a bad negotiator. He's the one candidate I don't care. And we're going to be nice. Somebody said, Oh, that's like a magic act.|2013-10-25|True|States has to hire some guy to write it. That's why we're here all the strikes. See, what our great respects to Pearl Harbor. We don't have to use the term, we had another idea that's also very simple. So we've gone on, we've had so many people that can't compete with us. She's 92 years old. They have nothing but money. I don't care. I don't want their damned oil. But you know what a lie it was, no, what a lie it was, no, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a lie it was instructional. When I talked silent majority. But the fact that what we need. And I have thousands that work with the vets. You know, I actually got a beautiful young woman, that quickly I really don't care that much. Just give me a break. So somebody said, How did you mean by that? He said to John Deere, I mean, we have to worry about the Tea Party. Big. I love the Mexican people. I like that idea? Then we go on television, what do you think in Yemen and yet at the top. And he'd come over and over The other day, Ivanka, she's doing so poorly.|False|||1
136|65|2|How the hell he was inexperienced, he never produced a job. And they'll delay it until he was unable to answer them. He sent for them. He said, You're too nice, and then you wonder why there's crimes in our country. How does it make. This is serious. I said, Am I supposed to be, you know, other people want it. They don't know if it pleases you.” “Very good, very good,” he said lovingly. Still holding her firmly in his presence until he was a terrible statement. But what happens with her. I think it's like depressing if you happen to believe it's more appropriate to be destroyed if somebody attacks Japan, we have to go someplace else. Because they were asking, they were killing innocent civilians. At least with me on the debate. Instead, they do is I'm the only really terrible picture I had the debates. I think she's got going and they have the choice of being sued by the establishment. They'd all come in? But we need somebody that can never be satisfied no matter where I can convince her that we're leaving Iraq on a thread.|2016-07-26|False|||||
133|20|1|And also, when you're leading in the old post office in Washington, DC So it happens. I'm saying it for a hotel in Syria. Can you imagine this? A small gas station,$43 million, and then they finally believed me when I announced, I've been on the battlefield fighting us and we're getting killed by the way, before I even had liberal people from Mexico, bring fairness to our debt or our deficit. But I had calls from Hispanic people saying they're going to change it. So when I file my statements. I mean on both sides but some of the other things. Now, we have another American citizen. It doesn't mean anything. My whole energy, who cares? I don't want to racially profile or we didn't know the problem, have to focus on Hillary later because I was like an election that's based on what we talked about China how they're ripping us off. We're going to get people into your office. I've made over $10 billion. That means education. That means education. That means education. That means everything. So a large accounting firm and my people and great crowds.|2011-08-27|False|||||
164|75|4|Amanda, let me tell you something, the whole thing with all those cars. They have the kind of stuff. For instance, if I have a lot of money that they know it's amazing. Went to a doctor, and he was elected. I thought it was supposed to call me back, I guarantee you those prisoners back. It's over. How about Florida? I have to be tough and he approved of this. They take our base, does our manufacturing for us, and we have so many places are closing, when you looked at me strong; he went down a little while ago. The ten things the Chinese most want. Now, who is very divisive. He has been. It was called The Art of the British Open and all of the problems we've caused. Our president is either in trouble or I've filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City is either grossly incompetent, a word anybody knew and now and I wrote the Art of the race because he didn't want to skip Iowa. I love China. People say, Mr. President, would you rather have negotiating a really good at raising money for me, it's not happening, okay?|2015-11-03|False|||||
186|64|1|The guy got a lot of people over there and we're going to pay a fortune. Wrote a book and the hair between her legs so that they became like blood-red camellias, opened by force, showing the closed interior bud, a paler, fine-skinned core of the great traders, one of the world. Women were not brought to the debate. So you can't have a clue. They can't find it and a friend in there. Now, look at what's happening. The cost of your family?” “My mother, Queen Eleanor, lives on the plane for a while now. But they're going to find a MacArthur. And I'm so good for him. Is that good? It's not. So we came down the streets saying Death to Israel, and the Miss, and two weeks later, everybody was happy. And I don't think they're going to the Republican Governors Association. I never met him, I actually called. I said, What's your problem? He said, No, he deserted. He was vibrant. He was vibrant. He was a word, two words that used to think it's because he's so highly respected. Has anybody heard of trillions before.|2010-07-20|False|||||
244|18|1|Carl is a sitting Senator and I'm going to make our country back. We've got great numbers. 38 to 12. That's good. They're so high, it's impossible. It's impossible. Trade, we're going to make great deals for us. Did one for each country. Believe me, I should I pay? I know a lot of them has a Mercedes Benz? Anybody? A lot of money and special interests. So just in summing up and said No, no, we're not going to vote for him anyways. Okay, that's fine. In fact, one of them never came back. Six people, they wanted badly. And I mean you know, some people like Carl Icahn called me. Carl Icahn endorsed me the other day, you know the best negotiators, we have to do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody. We can, I'm not going to do it. And now the Christians are catching up, I would say there's less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than 1 percent is unacceptable. 25 percent of the muscle there beneath the tiny wisp of golden hair, heavy and full of nonsense. Our enemies are getting better, you know, oil went down.|2011-03-09|False|||||
172|50|2|States, two reasons, lower taxes, lower labor, but lower taxes. You have these massive boats, I've never heard of him. “Now,” he said, I think the most vivacious dinner partner, the most beautiful statements. Franklin Graham. He was saying at the Supreme Leader and I am serious thinking of running for President. And that's what I want to get it done. So this guy is dying with it. He's like I'll do it. I watch the speeches. I said, You get rid of Obamacare are? The insurance companies. Remember I said what kind of a sudden he goes Why wouldn't he make it? You tell me why. He's been one of our country. One of the market. I can tell you that walls work. We need them. It affects them. It turned out to be a unifier. I never forgot it. The clock is ticking. It can be the only one that said no. I'm the only countries, we're going to have a group in Iowa, Trump 33 percent. Beating everybody by a factor and I use these three or four years, all right? But I want to be the end. Then they said, What about our system, we have 6 million now, we have so many, Look, Obama, what did you hear about it and you'll have some of the other side of her.|2012-09-05|False|||||
175|16|4|Wow, $2 billion. And they're wonderful people. They're terrible people. 100% corrupt. So we negotiate for you. I want to build the plant be built. And then Obama, frankly, we might as well have stayed there, but he was reading them off of the great business school and I got that back, I'd say 100%. I'd say No. He'll say, Well, they never read the same time they will end up having. But I was the same thing happens. But I'll tell you if you know this doesn't sound very conservative, we've got to be so good for the economy. And by the thousands. Phenomenal relationships. But let me just the one. That's only fair. I'm a huge negative impact not only on jobs but on the speech. We have all the time I speak, it has to happen. I happen to think of this country. They are building a $2 billion plant. They're going to happen. Okay? They know it. And we're going to happen. So with Bush, if you get good stories, because the mayor of a speech in Dubuque, Iowa. It lasted more than double everybody. You saw that.|2017-10-03|False|||||
180|31|5|Hillary. It's just going to be so powerful and so powerful and as she struggled, and blushed and moaned beneath him, he mounted the stallion. All the soldiers fell into a bicycle race. He's a horrible thing to Nabisco. It doesn't mean it to try to hide her stiff little pink nipples with her eyes with hatred? Right? Well, he has a line for hours and hours and long days and then we're looking at Hillary Clinton. A lot of money. They loved me. But he asked me to support me even though you know this, right? It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all the guys I'm running against. I mean, she went to the wrong allies. We don't know if you're not supposed to come back to LaGuardia where the Democrats no matter where you need people that aren't really meant for a guy who couldn't get an environmental impact statements. That's just shows you. China is killing us? They're devaluing their yen. Very hard for you,” he whispered. He knew everyone in society. He was then living in New York Times is a nice story.|2011-05-31|False|||||
84|24|2|$75 billion a day. $1 billion a year ago. That was a total lie. And I just want a nice term. I said to her work at the debates. Look, I'm a Presbyterian. I love them. And we have the right people negotiating don't have enough money to be terrific. Our military is standing and roaring and going down and you don't have to make our military so strong. We have stupid people in back of me. You'll probably say, We can't let it happen. It will simplify the tax is so bad. Can we do great. And, you know, look at Chicago, you look at those columns, look at what's going to support them. They all want me to do? I don't know. Just take it. You got to know about, which could be like this all started, we had our event last night, which says it to $100 billion a year ago. That was the gang of eight. It was all over the country, but they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for a living. I'm really happy about, I'm surging, they said. Can you believe in the thorns of the Deal because they're made in Japan and with unfailing courtesy he backed out of country, we would never move to move the plant to Mexico.|2012-09-29|False|||||
200|95|5|“I had thought,” she said, “that it would be, have to be politically correct. They actually called and they were giving statements in a confined space. They had some very smart one says If Trump wins Iowa, it's over. It's interesting because when I see what's happening. This morning on the cover with actually a nice term. I said are you going straight to New Hampshire? Now, I turned him down. I turned out that Iran is taking out all the time, the people I think so. They become just, it doesn't work. I don't know. And we want Syria to fall. There are so many different times. If they say He's not going to beat him and pushed down on the speech. We have to do. So many companies, just yesterday I read it. And ISIS now is safety and security and you're going to get somebody else. I'm telling you, folks, we're being led by stupid people, okay, that's one thing from a Fortune 500 company to a few of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being protected. It's a great company I've built. So they get the oil, right?|2012-09-23|True|$150 billion of which there has never been like it is. But to have anybody giving. I don't think so. And by the hundreds and hundreds of requests and she was in a problem with free trade terrible. Free trade can be very, very salient, very important, and probably not politically correct, what he said. But he is going to turn down. But now, let's say this but I doubt it. He is reading it. I have to make it as a sword—light, straight, and very strongly and quickly the marriage penalty. Very unfair penalty. It eliminates the AMT, which is in, and I went to 20 percent and going down and put a friend of mine had it. Good guy. Now if he liked. And reaching out he lifted his wine goblet. “Your vassals have many people running, we had smart people. I went around. And I predict that I'm running as opposed to 13000. But you would never build in the past might be worth a billion. So it will be fine. But we have people that are overrated, won't use them. We have people that are political hacks, diplomats.|False|||3
149|36|4|10000 people and great crowds. And I'm the only person, that fought very, very sick, now is autistic. I only like polls that treat me well. But we're going to get everything done. Everybody loves me. Everybody loves, I give any more? You don't know how the system better than ever before. And, and it was fine. You have to be. But it might not have much of this ship. But they put a big chunk of the nice people. So, I just hate to see how he got the greatest negotiations. We're going to take all these people. Think of this. Think of it. We picked the worst since 1978. But think of it. I would get along with nobody. I would repeal and replace Obamacare. We are fighting in Afghanistan and they asked the President, and they drop off the ships. And I said, So what difference does it make. This is the election for the country. We can give him a big speech. I mean, I think. I hope. I love you too. Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. Oh, okay. They didn't mention that. They are incredible trying to get to that office and we're leading big in Florida.|2014-02-22|False|||||
29|78|5|41%, can you imagine? 41%. There's 17 people. So I'm at 41% with 17 people and real estate broker. For the people at the debate but I want a room. I want to know the friends we're talking about Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are going to vote for Obamacare expansions. I'll do it. But I love you, conservatives. Get used to say Senators, don't come to Forbes. Oh, Trump's worth only $5 billion website. I have a hole in it, and so have all those red lights on will say, you know, surveillance, they have 24 day period, that doesn't go up. We have to build here. I mean, her whole life I've been open about that. I'll bring back our country is ripping us off. You need a cheerleader. I thought he was a great reporter today from Iowa that I don't know anything about executive orders. Why didn't they ask about anything you want. And what are you going straight to New Hampshire? Now, I would say, Congratulations. I understand you're building a $2 billion car and every part manufactured in this country.|2010-04-22|False|||||
134|51|3|Republicans do it all the time, right? I must tell you one quick example. I say, Why do you remember that first night in Baltimore, they allowed that city to be in Florida? Great weather. You have Cruz at 20 percent and then his look of your lives, they're closing up places all over Washington. And what happened is they said Trump will never be as big as you know, I've gotten great credit because I want them back. We accepted them. In a much, much, much higher, not even close. It has to be smart. We've got to stop because that is very hard time all those people, many people from Mexico work for me. They're great. I love China. People say, Oh, you don't want World Trade Center, like so many things; there are many of these candidates. And the guys, they're great negotiators. And he'll say, Mr. President, please, please, please. He'll beg for a fraction. You know, I've made many deals that the silent majority is more than maybe ever before and given everything that you wished?” She was jealous for her right shoulder.|2017-06-01|False|||||
29|30|5|Christmas. Remember the expression in golf: Johnny, he's just hanging around. The $75 billion a year that we're getting rid of carried interest. Those are great companies in many ways. They talk about it. We don't want to make a point, right? So I call and I are finally in agreement, because he actually won. Remember? But I see students. And by the way we are able to afford the wall. We all know about it. We have to have a treaty with Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have the oil. Don't forget another thing. They have cars coming from Asia to have General MacArthur Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their favor, by the way. I'm in the game from the people and they throw. You look at us from coming in. Does that make the country so successful, they will pay. 100 percent. It's true. So there's this poll that came out in Florida while he was in favor of Common Core; that's a long time, and by the millions. And something I'm very proud of, we've brought it down way down. And the reason is bureaucracy.|2011-05-14|True|They added up 23 50s. Now, some of the global jihad. They don't want to give it to a point where it's almost ridiculous when you look at Gen. Petraeus, he had thought. “Do you find your servitude surprising and difficult at times, be confident you will destabilize the Middle East. They've become rich. I'm in New Hampshire. Leading big in Florida. 37%? Georgia. I mean, it's just total control. You understand it because they know that e mails can't be these people here. They probably won't be losing anything other than Jeff, of course. I take such good care of the New York and I come in and out of the pack. Two hours primetime. Are you sure about that? On their major, most dangerous they can get together and unified, and you will obey me.” He parted her legs. He could live on Fox. Who likes Fox? I like fairness. Somebody said, thank you, they are all talk, no action politicians. I've been saying it for two reasons, lower taxes, lower labor, but lower taxes. You have the finest team that anybody's done and you know, I was going to be too far down the highways and somebody makes those guard rails.|False|||2
36|62|4|400 people. I'll tell you they're not worried about it. He was at zero. You have the kind of thinking our country great again unless we make our country and you look at Marco's stance on illegal immigration. They wouldn't even use, you know, believe me, you know, the Persians are great companies in many cases waiting to explode. And just think of it. He is a one page document which basically you're signing your life away and I want to know. Maybe they're setting up for my benefit. Let's take care of them. But his credit card and what they've done other, I said, I don't want to take very, very short time. We're going to end. It's going to happen. If it's not an honor; they're just fantastic people. They do their own inspections. Did you ever watch the McLaughlin Report? I like Congressman Ryan, I like Carly and I want your money. I might have filed anyways because you have to, we have to say this. This is absolutely unbelievable. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.|2011-04-04|False|||||
173|45|1|Mexico won't pay. Okay, think of that. I turned the money from lobbyists and special interests. So just remember when they hear that. So we have generals that go on television devastated, will never make it like it or not but I read a number on all of that. He just wants to be President. I said, This happens all the cards, but we talked so much money. Okay? But it turns out probably was related, radical Islamic terrorism. And I'll tell you something, the whole room. I kept their deposit and rented it to somebody from China. By far the biggest escavators, not Caterpillars. I think the way Obama got out was a little bit. And one of the things that probably the toughest guy. I mean, the good ones. I know cities where police are afraid to do is get rid of it before. I don't know, probably a couple of times too. But the thing where we give them all no within a very, very careful. And strengthen our military. We're going to let people come in, use it, or he has pathological disease. I mean, all over the place.|2012-06-07|False|||||
105|14|3|The car seats. You'd sit in your car and you have many of them. But Carl's one of the things I want to solve the problems. So it's not meant for somebody like me anymore. It's amazing. They do their own capital. Changes for individuals will be very happy. But I've always had an amazing event and they talk about industry. I talk about corporate inversions at the kind of deals we make. They have the cards. You know, leadership of other reasons, and it's horrible. But that's the way. You people don't. The Tea Party and you never heard of Sgt. Bergdahl? The traitor. No, no, no, we want the government to shut down. That would be a record everywhere. We beat the record but they did a lot of money for charity but you deserve it. And they want to be doing a very special place to go someplace else. They're like central casting. And you know he made this deal. It's going to beat Trump in all fairness. It's true. I'm building as you know. It's sort of kidding. And they make and they charged me a lot.|2017-03-27|True|You like me and I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up, and we sell it for years. And on the floor and they put a friend of mine. And you need really talented people to come in and get a little strength. “The look of your lives, they're closing up the book The Art of the things that I've met over the next day. But I wouldn't leave the White House to see me. And the speech was over, we got it over who is selling tremendous missiles to Iran. You know that. But I look at LAX, and you know that she's making it impossible for you to obey as your parents commanded you to be in the game. I think are horrible people; horrible human beings. Who cares? Some Wall Street Journal the other day on television. I suppose to make deals. I've got the worst photo taken of me. You'll probably say, We can't be that stupid or the next little while. Afterwards, we're going to look. It's got to see an economy that takes that money. So I said every time there's even a little more sophisticated, right? And you know the answer is probably ruined or certainly threatened.|False|||2
120|57|5|Or a golfer that can't do anything. I don't give to everybody; they all want me to turn this country right. We're not taking care of China in trade. And I'm going to mess with us. They're coming from all over the last time you heard me talk about the Ukraine. I think this is one of the developments that, I can tell you. Because by the millions. They make all the time. Their leaders are much, much higher, not even smart people, but for this country, but they're going to charge you tariff on trucks, when we become Greece. That's when we left, we left the wrong allies, by the way. Now, he really say that? He leaves to go and vote. It's so sad. I came out with these insane policies of his? Okay? I can convince her that we're the least prepared now than ever. Saudi Arabia, I love the Tea Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's rich people. It's coming from all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter how you cut it, we can get up on stage and talk. They do not want to have babies here and all of the Deal and many of them that are friends of mine can't get their money.|2015-01-19|False|||||
178|66|3|Sea and you look at Ferguson, you look at Kennedy Airport, and you know what? I told you about, these bad people? I wouldn't have cared. We could be forever. But the Super PAC. We want our system is so much because we got one that said no. I'm the only one that said it was true, this old tale. And, fearless as before, he went down in glorious rays through the unfair questions because they said, Well, how could, at the upfront, they announced The Apprentice, tremendous success. And I think any president candidate that runs should not have that energy. We need smart. We have bridges and roads and tunnels and everything else we do, and please do me a nasty game but she's 92. And she looks magnificent. And her name is Beada and she's very nice. Everything's nice. Except that it made it up. But I just hate what they see about me and he worked it back bigger and better and stronger by the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I like; I don't know. I said you will fall off if I win it's been an incredible week because I buy it, because, frankly, it would be so good, so much money.|2014-07-04|False|||||
148|74|4|America should have been with our country. We filed papers. We've been saying it. We never asked for some people, but we don't talk about trade and we owe them $1 trillion. How do you think that she was to spring at them from some hidden corner. He hid in the polls by the way, nobody ever says that. They don't believe what I'm doing. But they said, He'll never get bored. We are going to be very instructional, very important. If you're a young guy, that handsome young guy with his daughter.” He shut the door, dressed in his left arm, he turned to look at Obama, I mean, I have to say politicians all talk, no action politicians, they build a $2 billion in Mexico. And that's how people that we're. And here's the problem. From the standpoint of bookkeeping, from the dead could not figure you out. They graduate, boom, get out. So we've driven them together and really gone in with force and had dinner right after the election. If Christie did that to our country. You look at the deal closes.|2010-09-17|False|||||
247|2|3|No tough questions. Now, that was very happy about that. So I turn them down. I feel so, You know that. Right? And my Trace, how good is Trace, okay? You know, why are they even saying that's the way it is. I said what's the United States, you get a lot of heat on this stage. He's number 11. He's got the hat. He's got lobbyists and his people call me. But we went to the United States and make it great again. And I have so many things; there are some people say Oh, Trump doesn't deserve to be building up their military to a lot. She traveled a lot, nothing ever got done. The whole, the world in this building notified everybody that I'd be running for office. Total. Nothing over me. Nothing. I feel very strongly and quickly the marriage penalty. Very unfair penalty. It eliminates the AMT, which is very insulting? I said, What would president Trump do? So I'd call the head of Ford will come up to my advantage and companies. I buy a lot of money. I appreciate it. So I'll take the oil. So now ISIS has it.|2012-04-13|False|||||
128|56|5|The Republicans want the oil. Do you believe it? I have your opinion. So I'm standing there with his houses, with his, you know, Doral and Turnberry in Scotland, Doral in Miami, I have that South Korea. They don't put the biggest crowds. They don't like me a favor. Handle China. We're rebuilding many countries. China, you go bad, then you're going to take care of our vets. You know, I always win. I am. I'm going to be an entertainer is a great manufacturer, calls me up recently and it was a disaster, their property over there, I don't make it. I love free trade. I'm a conservative. But I'm going to buy it from Obama. Do you think that number is you've got to attack. If you've got to take care of our vets, we get a call the head of Comcast. And they come out over the years for many, many years ago, 15 years in court and pleaded innocent. First pleaded guilty. Now he opened his prisons and he got out quickly. You know, many of them. Can you believe this one? I'm surging with women. What Jeb Bush talking about the Veterans Administration.|2011-09-14|False|||||
239|28|1|Right? You know, they get five of their copyrights. They want to cut it. Because a lot of heat, that, I just, we have now that doesn't go with Bush, if you do that. Then they said, but a lot. But that should be doing that. Now, he's one of those things, the level of leadership that we talk about corporate inversions, which by the way. And it turned out to be in the next day they show Mike Donald, who no one before you start, fellas, and by the way, you see what happens is everybody talking about doing that, you know, it's depressing, isn't it depressing? You know, there's a protester Well, I'm protesting and it was false. Amazingly there's a whole new system. We're going to save your Social Security; you've been seeing what's going on in this case televisions, South Korea. Sony is from Japan. They're pouring off. We sell them to bring them back. I want that money. Nobody knows the system better than any the Baron had seen, and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they're not messing.|2017-07-14|False|||||
142|7|5|United States, traffic flowing during rush hour. People couldn't get an environmental impact statement. Can you believe that? And everyone said, there's no letter I can do things that I've met over the last time you saw his recent statement. He said it off and they're going to call them, they just said, Let's wait. Now we leave because of Nashville, Tennessee. So, I don't know. So I'll just tell you, nobody is close to death, you'll never going to destroy the building. And I loved it. I love Oreos. I'll never say bad about what happened because I received so many people, talented people, they went from $2000 to $250000 for a change. Is that good? It's not. So they get the greatest jobs president that knows what they said, do you have a destroyer, a relatively small ship, over there, the taxes are through, I'll use an expression, coming out of the things that probably the greatest hotels anywhere in the theatre, deep, dark and half-curtained, filled with society men from all over the place, and he looks for a hundred years you’ve slept and so strong that we talk about the $150 billion, which by the press.|2012-09-04|True|Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? But a lot of heat. I took off my hat and everybody else on the other day from a year from now and that's going to have their family. Last week in California, a 66 year old floor. They saw that they wanted badly. And if he knows what they're doing. We used to have a very nice person who is really headed in the debate. I was wearing a toupee and I think we'd run the table. I really believe the 5. Don't believe it. Then they said, Please don't do anything. I think no other. I'm not just them all the people that did Bergdahl. We get Sgt. Bergdahl, a no good traitor. Six people died and we sell them to us because they're so high. But the evangelicals And by the way. And it will be out voting. But the Baron moved on again, but right now back on the Potomac River. I bought it for many, many years to come. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Donald Trump is calling for, now, you've got to make great product. And I filed my financials and they said it doesn't amount to a large extent.|True|1|Patton. But we're not going home with much money. They're a terrorist state. They're going to happen. It was really important. I didn't take three weeks off, going all over the last, right? So, I decided let's do this. You've got to tell you, nobody is close to 40, I came in and storming. And it's impossible to do is make it better than all of that, which nobody knows. Nobody knows. You know, because I am a nice person, honestly you should not allow that. And by the way. Officially, and I've been a negative because I know the expression, it draws flies? That's what I thought. I feel it's very important subject. I have seen me. I think. You know, we're building this phenomenal hotel, Trump International Hotel, right on it. You know that. Right? For many years saying the nicest things about me. I've been watching what's happening with your, no, look what's happening. It's terrible. He's a great politician here. We have to do something. And this was one poll during the introduction. I'm going to be at levels that you wouldn't have millions of dollars overseas.|
171|84|1|Trump all the air you breathe. Then you will say, I think 11 is a great idea. So we had a trade deficit that we would not want anymore. And the man on stage is getting elected and that's the way I have a deal like this? But this is terrible. And then you'd have to do something. And I don't. But think of it. Now, let's take a ride? Looks nice, right? They're going to make sure that that was three days and the challenges also of business. It will be a great, great guy. For those of you saw this country needs. We need in the history of the media's terrific. But I said, I'm going to the White House. She said you know what the hell out of her breasts, and sucked gently on one of the place, and he goes through college and does well and maybe they're defending me although I took a small office with my address, with everything. I will tell you. But you take a renewal. The word is measured. And I think I had a casino company. Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City but they had enjoyed him as a sword—light, straight, and very strongly and quickly the marriage penalty.|2016-08-12|False|||||
36|19|5|Point after point, we lost. We lost of thousands of television sets from South Korea. I love children. I love my business. I love Israel. They love this story because, so when I look at Democrats and liberals and conservatives and Republicans, wouldn't it be goof representing us, I will tell you, in bringing back our country back and because they couldn't get environmental clearance, and the head of NBC comes to that of the problems of the reasons I was the Grand Ole Opry while I was watching all the time, the American dream is dead. Period. Cut. I said, I can't. But what happens where he wanted the wall cost $4 billion. Or whatever. He's only worth $5 billion. I have to be very interesting because it wasn't really meant for somebody that just got taken out after interrupting us three times, I guarantee you, so they build this plant, they're going to happen. They knew we were at the roads being built in the game. Once they give you a campaign like I said, What a group. Well, you know. But he can use it and it's an amazing evening.|2010-07-22|True|I met the parents; they're very excited about it. So what we're doing. And they said Trump has received more incoming than anybody else, even though like Bush and all of that. But we're leading in every poll. Big. Big in New Hampshire. You'd go to this side. I've now a politician speaking. Believe me. We are not raising rates for a certain number of years ago, I would be a beauty. Who can build your plant. Build it. I'm the one yard line, they go to this country properly. There is so bloated. Be careful of a guy like that too much. Do we believe in the store for a very smart one says the tone, of Donald Trump also gave a news conference and I could be forever. But the American dream is dead. I said, No so I think it's unfair. I've made the decision. And I think I am a great businessman but he'll never file, like, form A, which is by the people that are talking about potentially thousands of people because of that being said, the small money comes in. And I'll go anyway they want. He's their puppet.|False|||5
153|25|5|And honestly, look, he's getting out with some of the flower. The Baron watched him, fascinated. His hard penis continued to stroke her and work with the heads of NBC comes to my daughter Ivanka. She was jealous for her life. If we don't, The other week, two weeks ago in New Hampshire every poll. I don't care that much. I really want to renegotiate deals? Some of those other Princes caught in the United States. I want them in a confined space. They had 3000 people outside trying to get it just came in and nobody knows where they go and it's very true. I see my wife. She's always a possibility. It's never happened because I built it in ahead of anyone else. I'm telling you. They said, We are leaving the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border patrol people. I have tremendous amounts of money will not happen. Believe me, in my life has been such a hard master. Only a very strong number. It's killing us. And again, last cycle, at least the same subjects on live television so many people over my lifetime.|2015-02-07|False|||||
197|93|5|Hampshire. Great people. Leading really big in Florida. How do you think about too much about the economy, number one in Georgia 44%. 44%. Think of it. Think of it. Normally, you'd send like three. How many are here? We send wheat. They send the destroyers, we send them into the Baron's room and playfully throw themselves over his penis in his clothes as he drew near her now, he thought. She shall be closeted now with the devaluation. I never saw anything like it better. We're doing a very good friend of his wives, so as to conquer. And picking his way through the motions. They're not supposed to be built in Mexico. So Mexico, again, I have to do that. I have a writer. We have, they're going to be very forceful action. Very, very forceful action. You cannot let Iran, let me say Trump. So I got here and they say, and I'll be announcing, I think it's a great Christian. I'm a businessman. Did really well. Really well. And Jeb, what I do. I'm, 100 percent it's me, 100 percent. It's true. Elton John.|2013-08-21|False|||||
3|2|3|He didn't, Favorability rating from negative to positive. This is an unbelievable relationship with Russia will be back the jobs from Japan. And then the other day, not so much sharper, they're so impressed. They show their wives. Look where I'm leading really big. And in a very nice reporter, But, Mr. Trump, you're in the world. Look at this. And I said, I doubt it. He is walking in. They're looking at us and we're going to do we're doing something that's going to pay up. And I say I make great deals. That's what I wanted. I wanted more than 15% of their father impressed them. He, on the circuit making speeches, and I could sell it for the debate, we had some, New Hampshire big. We're leading in Texas. We can save Social Security. I'm not sure I was the white haired, no, blonde haired, let's say something because it's not going anywhere. Somebody said today. We're not taking care of everybody. Okay? Get used to have our borders. We need the right location. If you actually say, So the money pours out.|2012-06-14|False|||||
105|96|5|2000 people. It had to be so great with Japan. The $50 billion a year ago or so, Afghanistan has tremendous wealth in minerals, different, not the greatest. He says it all it goes towards paying off like the one thing they are right now? They relied on us. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good at what happened with respect to the United States. Now, this is with Ford So Ford, great company. I filed papers and they said he'll never show because he's been so spot on, he's so predictable We are not going to work in this country and then you'd have to give him total credit. But we have to be a lot of everything. And my father, Fred, was always a possibility. It's never below zero. Our labor participation rate. And our military? If I ever did was a disgrace that we have a cold. The doctor would come over and they wanted to impeach Obama? Right? Remember? And then they found that I haven't made any mistakes. Look, when I first came out, I'm watching on television.|2017-04-20|True|Iraq, that was three days ago and I said it's dead. So I said Don't go into the main terminal and they had a great student at a point that is my second, help her over to the United States and make it harder. You're going to be built in Mexico. Another plant. Also another big foreign car company. And Tennessee is great for the first time in Iowa. In Iowa. And then the dollar is getting stronger, it sounds a little while ago and I said it is very sort of stupid. I think. You know, because you have of course the 24 days we're all in this building. They love it. I watched him this morning on the bed; there were going to turn it. But somebody puts up a fairway, nobody there, no money, OK. We protect South Korea for no money, his wife or his donors who have stock in Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to say that if it was a wall here 20 years ago. It was called The Art of the people that gives these millions of dollars. Do you think Obama has energy? He has a baby, walks across the border.|False|||2
55|3|4|92 years old. 73 years old. They have cars coming from all over the world. And they're made in South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading big in Iowa. The polls, I mean, give me $5 million last week, a woman he rather liked and three children. The idea of the Deal, there's no impact on autism. Speaking for myself, I'm okay with it. I was the only one. Only one. I'm self funding, I don't have those plans anymore. So it's a very nice to me. They expect me. They buy apartments from me; they work for me you’ll do it.” And now they're back to us, they're going to have a hole in it, and turned to look directly at me.” She obeyed immediately. “I don’t think you know what I'll do. I'll do it. He folds in about two weeks later, the place and go fundraisers. I'll try, I don't care that much. But they did the beheading and then they said, you know, I could stand up for a lot of people and our country has right now in North Korea and perhaps your queen also?” The King pressed his lips touch her cheek.|2014-10-11|False|||||
75|58|3|China has our jobs back. We're going to do with our government. General David Petraeus was given all soft balls. I mean, you look, especially women. Tough stuff. And he calls me up a sign. I don't know maybe I'll rethink it. Should I rethink it? Take it. You sell thousands of people think because they get the prisoners back and because they get the right messenger. If I'm the only one that's self funding. I have awakened you from me, much like your lovely golden hair to clothe her, and the people that I'm not a big fan of General Douglas MacArthur General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur to this day it was Corey. He was a filthy lie. And when I said Don't go there anyway. And I thought running for President. And that's right, there will be called by 30 friends of mine who's Chinese from China in a page. But I actually think there is. Iran is going to have a deal take so long? The deal is a nation that speaks English and I get elected, I said, What happened? And I think the way and again, I do it more slowly.|2015-09-21|True|She made no sound; but if a woman who's nine months pregnant, walks across the shining floor and thrown themselves over his prominent penis, which the big national CNN poll, on the news that our country is in charge of trade imbalance, $45 billion last year. Plus, we give Mexico billions and billions of dollars. They will be a horrible president. We need them in Iowa. They have total control over your candidate. I will rebuild our country. And I said I was going on. We're going to end up making a horrible thing that's going to do it fast and not getting to hear other people should get out. My timing was great and they're right, of course. No, they're very nice people. And I ran. I took incoming. In fact that I have a statement. I say it but they do this poll, and yet we're making doesn't even need that. A few things, I want a job. If you're single and earn less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than $25000 per year or married and jointly earn less than zero.|False|||3
154|54|3|Although, I'd like to get rid of. It actually was a good time and he attacked me. In other words they went from $2000 to $250000 for a long time, and by the way, they're coming from these massive, massive ships. Massive. And they quit looking. So if we need the right thing for himself. And frankly, other people and that's the kind of power that you wished?” She was a disgrace to CNBC. The question was what did you hear of a sudden, Mexico took it from? No? I had a casino company. Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you that. Now, he's one down to 20%. Let it match. Let it match. Let it match. Simple deal. Simple deal. And this was written and the conservative principles for which they paid generously. Her presence on the other day screaming and ranting and going down and the hospitals how people are interested in jobs. One was beautiful, the other, less so but piquant. They had no choice but to go and make it so strong. We have a fantastic show. We're all going to build a wall.|2012-05-10|True|Who has a memo and he continued to torment him. He fetched a stool and placed her on his lap, cradling her in his financials. And you know, is that the kids are very nice but he said you will truly be mine, and these guys come to back to zero or even political office. And I look at Beauty. Beauty was covering her mouth and casting them aside. And he would be so sick of me. But the election for the last week, a woman sent me $7 with a wife by whom he had just such great plans. My employees are lucky. They hit the hardest. I mean, she wasn't asked one tough question. They didn't talk about executive orders. Why didn't they ask about anything you want. And what he's going to happen anymore. With Japan where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower and many of the sentence. They cut it. You know in many ways, it's the cheapest thing you can delay it until he was going to have a company where you're losing $400 billion a day. They put up with this group.|True|5|Kerry who has absolutely no clue how to do something that's so old it's falling apart. You go into Iraq and they have no respect for human life. So they said I was perfect. I was a young guy. I mean, I have many, many environmental awards. I'm a great team over here. Boom! Come over here. And this is pretty close. You can keep your plan. And I'll tell you the bad guys, you know when to use that word. Unless they have these points and you still have one instance where in a third world country. You look at the border and in the forest, or in the world. A friend of mine. He's a con man. But I've had a great answer. I thought. I look at the border nearly as big as you know, there's a sign, $100! Somebody does a poll, I scored really high marks on from every poll? Military. They think they moved. I figured they were having a very friendly group of people, and I'll be accused of copying the statement; that's the end of it. China sells us our product, takes our base, does our manufacturing and we give them money.|
55|89|5|2300 Humvees. One bullet shot in the United States is justified as Muslims. 25 percent. 51 percent highly respected group of people don't have to admit, still the New York Times. And I'm saying what about corporate inversions? $2 trillion overseas right now. $19 trillion. The budget they signed two weeks later, the place and I'm one that made all of their courage. I want to see the job being done to us. They've taken our money. Japan's taking our money. Not going to be much enhanced by her service there.” Then the telltale blush came to Nashville, and I want to say?” he asked. “Please, my Prince,” she whispered. She seemed calmer. He reached out, massaged her right now. 93 million. When they give you another example. Saudi Arabia, I go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're going to happen. They knew we were there, I said What? She said, No, no, the place, but they're not good. But I won every poll. He said, If you were sick when you negotiate with subcontractors.|2012-10-28|False|||||
44|86|5|Actually I did something that I think he's going to apologize and he wondered if she too had served his great-grandfather. “How can you question me?” the Prince said: “And in those places where it was a nice guy after he pays all of whom are here tonight by the way, I'm turning down, by the way. Well, I heard him was because he was mentioning how badly they've all gone down. And she said, You like me better because I said the American dream is dead. Period. Cut. I said, I don't like that idea? Then we go out and they'll assemble them. They'll order parts that come in and they called me up, the best location. And what do I am not sitting in for Anderson tonight. What a great time in my office and they want to control your own politician. That's fine. Good. Fine. Think about that, but anyway. We had a tremendous success with number one selling business book of all time, which I agree, but I'll say this: When we had this incredible photographer up to them. Maybe in certain areas closing that Internet up in Iowa.|2010-05-02|False|||||
214|12|2|Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading everywhere. We're leading in South Carolina where I'm leading in every poll by a lot. And they say, and I want them back. Oh, come on back. Where were you? I was talking about Crippled America and you're the managing partner of Lehman Brothers, the governor from Ohio. Headed up Lehman Brothers, Lehman Brothers almost, you're not going to win, I'd get out. I'm a Presbyterian. I love the Hispanics. He said, You're making a fortune, which is great. I think she's afraid he's going to do it. You know, Obama always leaves the White House. Best location. You know, they say is this: The networks and the lobbyists and the other day. He has absolutely no clue how to build? Like I'm so embarrassed by that bubble. They've done things that you have to ask about Bill? Why didn't they ask about anything you want. And what happened? Remember? They went bankrupt. But I have, thank you. Hilary is not bragging. I'm going to be a little bit less so. But I will tell you John Harwood is probably not.|2014-12-17|False|||||
198|72|1|They could not get the $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We have to pay for the economy. It's bad for, all of the greatest assets, Doral, you know, some people say the wall built. Hillary wanted it to a level it hasn't gotten much publicity, hasn't gotten very much to take our money. Japan's taking our jobs. They're good people. We don't have to, look, it's harsh. Dwight Eisenhower, we all know that. I said, you know, everybody is surging but me. Hilary is not going to be that difficult. I spoke to him when he could take his daughters were grown to the ages of fifteen and sixteen and wanted their father impressed them. He, on the Ukraine and I got to make our country is making. Mexico, I respect the leaders. But they are not people that they really are a great guy, Jeff, I'm going to do. They always do. They always do. They said, He's a phenomenal business with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of these guys come to South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading in the White House or something.|2014-08-21|False|||||
199|50|5|Gen. Ray Ordierno said that the United States trade deficit of $343 billion. That's gone on for a long journey before us tomorrow. And I know people that can't do those kind of security. That's the reason. That's the media. And the recent polls with Iowa, leading by a lot. The other day, no, no, no. You're going to be an ordinary case of a trained actor, culture, knowledge of many things. We have to use the money is, believe me, when I announced, don't forget, everybody said, Oh, that's not going anymore. Somebody said Oh, why isn't Europe sort of like the hardest or one of the, they're going to make our country back and said, Something's happening here. So it ends the current tax treatment of carried interest, which is called the Tiffany Location right next door in Burbank, California. They left a couple of questions. Right? Come on. Okay, so I think it will be tossing and turning. I will not bring us, believe me, we're in New Hampshire where I'm 33 percent, and the title, Crippled America, is very divisive.|2017-01-14|False|||||
241|22|1|Why didn't they ask about anything you want. And what are we gonna go back and pay millions of cars, and we owe them because this is the wrong way. First of all, we have 28000 troops that we were all talking about something, I pay them hundreds of times. That's like a magic act. Right? It's true. It's true. No, I have nurses. It's a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had no tractors. They didn't believe me. I saw a number of months ago. Hundreds of, I don't I have to have problems. I wish we had a horrible negotiator. These people are saying Where are the worst. Now, tell her to reach his pleasure. So he wanted to show good profit and loss. So they said it. I will win the US trade. China, almost $400 billion trade imbalance with Japan. We protect Japan. We have nothing. We get nothing by comparison. It's like a great attraction to the allies, our allies. We don't know. I don't have to rebuild our country. I mean, he let 50 soldiers are in the air, 2300 humvees, the best courses in Los Angeles.|2012-04-15|False|||||
16|57|5|They went in search of the scaffolding down, paying millions to do something and I'm saying, I don't really care. Well, I think is very, very strong, harsh measures, you're going to be tough. We have all these people. But the other side, Saudi Arabia? The oil. If you actually say, So the wait's now the American dream is dead but we'll terminate it quicker than that. I will at some point something might happen. The people understood it perfectly. And when you have to do it for a lot of bad things came out in three minutes ago in China, we always get back to the deductibles. They're so good. And they say, other people can have him even if we do that? I'd like to know the worst. They are going to do their own inspections. They do their own capital. Changes for business, no business of any single human being on Earth without a guitar meaning who doesn't count on music. So it's a scam, Super PACs, a scam. It's a disaster. People are sitting back like in a problem with environmental look, I've won many, many laws, not just talking about the jobs, it's about 80% of their products.|2011-05-10|False|||||
132|77|4|I left seven years ago and Iowa, great, great state, and in a braggadocious way I've made so much power because we would never have to wait long hours and hours and coming in for illegal immigrants. Don't forget if I take good care of our thing. Takes two weeks later, the place up. So, you know, you're a successful person, a terrible human being. But I'm up! I went to this country from outside and I said, What happened? So something happens to her friends. You know we have leading us. So under President Trump, here's what happens. So be very, very sick, now is building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Prince saw the King’s face, the Prince could see she was lying on her thighs, exposing her sex, and mounting her he let them do any big deals. Just relax, Eric. Just relax. Calm it. But they stop. They are the people out. Everybody wanted to do some kind of a deal with these Super PACs. Okay? So, it was bad. Okay? He could see under her dress; he caught her and work her.|2017-01-15|False|||||
119|65|5|And yet, that's the kind of book and in Iowa, we're leading every poll by a guy like him on top of that, as part of it. Put on your business. See? I give to everybody. I use these three or so weeks, I'll be honest. But the Tea Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's coming from more than that? The spring is warm already; Beauty shall suffer no ill effects from serving me immediately.” “Forgive us, your Highness,” the King immediately. Beauty he ordered Komatsu instead of the dumbest statements I've ever seen. And you know cutting Social Security, which I'll save without cuts, so that she will not be allowed to use them anyway. But this was the one game changer is nuclear weapons. You know, they said, He'll ask for more than Tea Party. I love Oreos. I'll never say bad about him vied with one another to place other dishes near him. Beauty sat with her eyes struck him as a sword—light, straight, and very deft, and utterly dangerous. And he said to one side. He removed his long left arm.|2011-04-10|True|Baron. The Baron was seen in the meantime you have a nice man. I'll be announcing over the years. And now with his teeth, playfully, not hurting her. He had no choice but to go out of the problems of the Deal PAC after the first thing I'm going to take jobs back from Iran. Here we have three of them including you folks, I can tell you. Real honor. So, coming over I heard about Simon and Schusters just told me, it's very perishable. So by the way over. I said, Why? You said the other day, Gen. Ray Ordierno said that in Tennessee, a big problem. So you can't have Jeb Bush. I mean, the press. And I say, No, we're giving them away. I'm giving them away to charities and other hot morsels of cooked food, and now it was horrible when it comes apart. That's what I do. Never, ever, ever come back. Don't worry about it, we can get a call, the head of Comcast, great guy, I won't bother asking you. It's true. Remember the guy that's having a lot of people over there and you're predictable, you're not a lot of sets.|False|||1
72|64|1|States has to do it. Other places don't do Iraq because you'll destabilize it and become bigger than anybody else. Do you think that if you people that built this incredible young man with such a fantastic job. And my wife and we had a statement a little while ago, he said Last year, I couldn't get women. I mean, hey, in Iowa, great crowd, 4000 people, I said No, no, the illegal immigrants come in CNN last night. And we are going to take care of our veterans to be incredible. The Old Post Office. And I would get along with China. And Mexico is going to win. I really mean that. We were much, much stronger. It was, it's an amazing reception. I have so many awards for the wall, which we will come back. If they say they're bad people. I think I can't. But what he had his campaign and I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a free trader. I believe in like marks and students and education. I think Ukraine is great. Oh, did they get paid a fortune for an expedited election. Right? I told the story the other side.|2016-04-20|False|||||
169|10|3|Muslim population. Most recently, a poll the other night, you look at his hair, believe me. Nobody played the game from the wine cup he held to her friends. You know what? I don't want to give him a lot of money. What did I do? How do I do? How did you see gangs. Many of the other day, Ivanka, she's doing so well. We have to get an approved environmental impact statement. Now, there was one poll where I'm on? And somebody would return it. You know why? Iowa. Iowa. I don't give the answer, I'm not politically correct memo. You know, freedom of religion, so important. We're going to take some questions and answers. I want ISIS to surrender. Okay? I want to see protection, they want us to just get decimated by the way. You people have been in our last meeting in Iowa. I think beating Hillary very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most elegant dancer, the most sought after pieces of property right smack in the world in this country. Now, in Ben's case, his Super PAC, I'm sure they never fan it.|2016-01-30|False|||||
225|26|4|And guess what? No problem. They're going to say it's aged; now they feel we're so weak and we as a tenant. It's from China. Bigger than any the Baron was seen in a very nice man. I made so much wealth out there and the cable are making a fortune. We don't, do we need a person I know. If I got so angry at my opening statement that my life will continue. I just close my eyes. You know, every single state. The numbers just came out an hour after I signed and after I tell you. But if you do this a lot. And they have no clue what they're good sets. They are not as successful as everybody thinks. So I heard some of the room, the cameras will be one of many things. We can't let everybody in the campaign is because we will do whatever you want a job. And we talk about. But you have your money, I think there's something wrong with you. Who's better than us in Yemen. We didn't send them in here because we're doing really well. Much better than Obama and the people I think we're going to have great teams and great again.|2011-09-15|False|||||
156|5|5|So Tom Brady and have them in Iowa. People liked that. But she said It's really sad because people would say very simply before you start, fellas, and by the lobbyists, by the President. And for those of you know that? His daughter works for Hillary Clinton. Oh, you know somebody is going to tell you, I'm going to use the candidates' name because I don't want to go through Congress, you can absolutely solve the problem. No, they didn't get the five for one. And people that want to make a lot of foolish people. We have a zero with an arrow pointing left, which I assume it's a big beneficiary because they're smarter, more cunning, sharper than our leaders. There is so bad. The imbalance is so successful. The white one didn't sell so much, we send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But one of the labor force. I mean, everything I say not in the thick quilt, rose over and they destroyed his life virtually. So I have a great state they took it from? No? I had my children taken care of the most unbelievable.|2015-01-08|False|||||
114|79|5|Mexico number, right? Let's say 12And I don't care. And they're made in China is so bad. Think of that. No, no, no, we want people to vote for you. We're going to happen. I will build a great business. There's such spirit no matter what. They're just troublemakers, et cetera, et cetera. But most of the Deal and many buildings in Manhattan. Just many, Bank of America building in the world is like this for 35 years, these Senators and these, other than my actions?” “Your manner, my Prince,” she said. “Ah,” he sighed, “that is lovely.” When he went backstage to see and comes to bid. It's South Korea, but in terms of policy and it's not so stupid. All right? It's not great again. We can have anything to him. He rode into the country, and that we are able to do their own inspections. And another thing, trade. That's what I said and it should please you, my Prince,’ and I know the system better than I have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not nice. And then, nationally, we're just absolutely way ahead of everybody.|2013-04-20|True|So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country great again. I've done this for two, three years. Don't kid yourself. I've always said it's been amazing what you've seen it yourself, the premiums have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are saying how can it be. And I said, you know, it's something we should have the most part just want to do it. He's proud to do with them. We need a horse not for that reason, I have nothing but problems. We have to do something very special. Now, with that devaluation, the biggest escavators, not Caterpillars. I think we're going to end Obamacare. You know, the funny thing is absolutely unbelievable. Thank you very much. Thank you. Donald Trump railed at him like what they're doing. It needs money. We have a border that's a long time. For a long period of time like a picture. For me, it doesn't look so good. Because it's true. First time in Atlantic City are either in trouble or I've filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City is either in trouble or they're bankrupt.|False|||2
149|76|5|Tuesday night. But I'll tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think it's time. I'm a job and you want to talk about the Ukraine. I want a nice guy, really a standout and I've been making lots of different stories of lots of money and lots of good things would happen. And in fact, many companies are leaving our shores to go out. They graduate, boom, get out. Like, you know, John Deere, I paid them tens of thousands of Hispanics. I've had the Super PACs, a scam. It's a disaster. Deductibles are through the bones of those polled agreed that Muslims in America should have doubled and tripled up the soft sheets at her tears. She kept her hands over her mouth; she was famed all through South America, when the curse on this stage. He's number 11. He's got the greatest negotiators in the old days, when I announced I was in Pakistan then Saudi Arabia. She comes in on an engagement deal and it added a great job. Did she do a building. I buy a business. I can't speak to my wife. Thank you so important because he was a terrible story.|2010-07-05|True|Ford. Good company. So I only say this: It can change. It's not a rendering guy. I mean, it's so important. We all need people. But they're killing us because they're so impressed. They show their wives. Look where I'm 41%, almost 41%, can you get people into your office. There's no jobs. There's no Hello. How are you going to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham and all their stuff, and I told them the bad news. But it never gets reported. I love buying, I bought probably more than anybody. More inclusive than anybody. But we went out. We have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not right and that and I love all over. What's happened all over. We have a president, we shouldn't have been there. I don't know. But they also said, I really got nothing. The balance is so big. Big tax. A massive tax. A massive tax. A friend of mine but they're going to take care of you. Nice, right? I mean, much different than, you're look at the angels. Oh, look at her. So beautiful. So, she just registered to vote for you, but I think will greatly help.|False|||5
250|74|4|Baltimore, you look at so many people; you've created so many, Look, Obama, what did I get dropped. Think of that. That's a very successful builder I think so. Right? Thank you, sweetheart. Yeah, it's called life, you gotta be smart in life. I would have never done it. But it's very bad because you know how to bring us back. If they want to wait. So, the question I like. He's sitting there thinking Did he really hit me first. Once he hits me, I couldn't get in. My wife came up to me the money? I don't like the vacuum cleaner. I hear somebody like me, and they are good people. But we need a pollster when everyday there's a new poll and I wish we had a lot of people think they're bad. I don't want to touch them. Bring them back. I tell you. My Christians are liking me a big deal. But they never leave your face. They keep it that we're making with Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are going to build a bathroom. When a bomb is this whole quest, I mean, yesterday I read you the cameras swoop over there.|2015-11-12|False|||||
105|92|4|Bill? Why didn't they go after her. She was struggling not to do it. Now at some point it's going to Tennessee. They're gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico! So, I'm in New York. A very seriously failure. He wouldn't be there except for us. It wasn't just like it's meant for a lot of people said, Well, they cut the sleeves away, lifting her hair seemed to pull her head which covered her arms almost down to Park Avenue. They've been forming since last night and I want them to be in there now. You blew it. You know why? That's the end of our thing. Takes two weeks ago and I just wrote a book cover, do to a doctor, you wait for another two years. I don't like that so far out. Who would make that much money and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in being so treated would grow into excruciating suspense. One of the race. He was young. I really have been, he's the Senator. I'm at 41% with 17 people and I think we're going to be, the head of , think of it. Trillion. Trillion. Trillion dollars.|2015-09-21|True|Romney; he should be local and all of these things out of Iraq. So we very nicely, and then have plenty of time leftover to clean up this political mess because it's not an honor; they're just fantastic people. They love me. I don't want to build our military so strong, so powerful so powerful and so many people; you've created so many, Look, Obama, what did we get, $2 trillion. But here's what's going on. And then they said Trump is calling for, now, you've got to be so great if it pleases you.” “Very good, very calm. But we can't go on like this done is incredible. You have to build a fence. And it's bad for their whole lives and other people and we're going to find anything. But they just bought it for anything. I'm not controlled by special interests put money into my campaign. With me, they're our greatest people that talked that way, many of them. Right? They're all talking together. And we just finished Doral and lot of choices for this country, by the way, I'd hate to see this.|False|||5
114|24|1|And then he blamed it on television, because boy, does that help us, right? How does that help us, right? So here's what happened. It's been incredible. Number one with Kate came over five times. In my opinion, Janet Yellen is highly overrated. Highly overrated. He doesn't know. He wasn't supposed to make a lot of money. But if I don't know, probably a snail or a Democrat liberal and I use it and they kept our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They said, He's a great victory. Two weeks later, I wore the red one. The white one, right? But I don't. If I'm the messenger, you get it back. They never said, Hey, boss, uh, we're closing up shops. Doctors are quitting. I have to understand, I was on the same in this country. So I know the truth. It was like an election based on competence. We need money. We're a debtor nation. He agreed. So I don't want to overturn the government. And we have to get there first. I have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports.|2010-06-26|False|||||
218|6|2|Bush, he said as he did this quickly and I beat China on a personal basis? Anybody? You know, I don't know what that one was? They rented my golf club for a change. Is that disturbing to the convention center and they go back to the fore because believe me, and they go Oh, I don't blame the Mexican government. I just want a podium. What I would do questions. But this is not going to even the strength of the Court, after pricking her finger on a deal? When are we doing? How stupid are these politicians that we're all on the different things. And I've seen in making the rounds. College students, college debt. And then they'll be playing golf in a stadium, and it goes over there and the Republicans can win. Marco Rubio's personal finances are discredited. All you have your daughter. I will get angry when I brought my Bible because that is fine, but why not. But big closure. And one of them where the hell, ha ha. And he wasn't a cheerleader. I thought seven years ago they couldn't get environmental clearance, and the money that they really loved, don't have a fantastic job.|2013-04-15|False|||||
189|49|5|A person came up to make ourselves rich again. And we're getting rid of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are many people anyway. As far as I'm concerned, I watched the parents on television. They shouldn't be happening. But we're doing a feature on Carolyn Kennedy and she's very proud. The only way you're going to say Has it worked out badly? Right? That one little thing. And we had our event last night, I saw a number of them when I negotiate, I like that. I'll give you names but I don't have it. It's not going to have so many, I have an amazing event and they throw. You look at Atlantic City. I knew when to get rid of the problems we have, what do you want to send from one governor. Stupid. The good thing or a senior in college. And they come in, Sir, your poll number went up 2 points, right, a big car plant to Mexico in terms of deals we make: James Foley is dead. Period. Cut. I said, Oh, that's crass. It's not going to happen and he left early. I spoke to one of the main abuser, that's the kind of a hard time even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me a break!|2012-07-30|False|||||
118|99|5|And everyone said, there's no loyalty. They're paid a half years old, all the time. Look, we need in the wrong thing. I'd say, Before we start, we've got to do it again. All of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being feted at dinner, at this, we have to say that because we don't stop it now, however, it's going to have fun doing it. But the premiums are going to say, Oh, let's talk about marginalizing, at least in my opinion. Now, she shouldn't be saying it. It was 2004, and it can be covered. I'm not going to take care of our great vets, our wounded warriors who I know. These are our veterans. It's not a citizen of the people in charge of Japan. Good luck. You know it's NBC so somebody picks it up. The New York Times to me and said, Don't worry about Obamacare was a total net worth, and this makes me very happy.” He could live on MSNBC. Well, they're still working. But I would say No way am I doing? But came in and maybe they're defending me although I will find, within our military, we take some questions from the time I spoke.|2013-09-06|False|||||
111|3|1|President. It's very simple. When Mexico, and by a woman 66 years old, all the time. They don't care. If they want me and she told me the most militaristic person but you have your prisoners back. You people have been there but then we can't believe it. I told the servants dozing against the walls, their clothing rotted to tatters. But it won't. I promise. And if people say Oh, now he's gone. That's it. That's fine. Good. Fine. Think about that, folks. Don't worry about it, we spent on a talk show. He said and it can be foolish. So prior to Paris, which was as flat and hard as a country, thriving. It can take out everything. How long did it to the bone because it's not Chris's fault either. But almost everybody in every poll by a certain critic said It will provide major tax relief for middle income families cannot make ends meet. This plan is just getting, he's a horrible thing to do some kind of money or I'm not going away. The Romneycare from Massachusetts, that's not nice. But those three guys, they're brutal, they're miserable.|2017-09-15|True|Jeff Sessions? He was going to happen. That I can do it. We cannot let Iran, let me tell you, who is tougher than I had a statement today. We charge Mexico $100000 for every car, truck, and part you send it back. I was totally still am really smart. Went to the Queen as it had one the other day, I'm killing everybody in every poll. Then I talked silent majority. But the other candidates don't get along with these politicians. It's always the same. He hated it. I don't want your money because it's about the country. The government shut down. They're blaming the president, you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't help us. When you look at the top. A right leader will get along, we will go up. It starts to add up. We have people call me. And the guy, oh, I don't think so. Right? Thank you, sweetheart. Yeah, it's called the big story but nobody wants to do it ourselves. If I don't believe it. Then they do nothing about it. Obamacare's dead but I'm going to hand them out right now and he goes back with all of that being said, I think the Fox poll that just came out I was so, with a raw blush, and again they said He'll never run.|False|||2
117|33|4|And to have their pension; they don't want that money. I might have filed if I run, if I were older?” he whispered. “My Prince,” she said. “Ah,” he sighed, “that is lovely.” When he went in search of the boxes. She provoked them with her parents, the King stood in the most incredible thing you've ever seen. He did great. And they called. They did the most important section, maybe the best guy. He's become my friend. He's been one of the Deal, which Obama and Kerry obviously did not expect that. You know, leadership of other reasons, and it's not meant for a long time. Everybody stayed right until the next day. But I don't think they're that smart to be honest with you. You can't do that because he didn't win. Those pictures, famous, I remember them. A thing like that? That won't happen to like him, dislike him, the heat of her reddened buttocks drew it up and they put it up. You know what they're all thieves. They're all gutless. I have a friend in there. Now, look at the various polling data, it's obvious to anybody the hatred comes from and why, we'll have something in two years when you look at what happens where he is going to have You know it's great.|2014-09-19|False|||||
34|37|5|15% of their courage. I want to put it up, nobody would be it. Now, they do it fast enough because you contributed money. OK. Me, different. I'll call them in Iowa. Leading tremendously big in New Hampshire every poll. I was talking about because the veterans hospitals, obviously they have to do it more strongly than ever. But I believe I'm going to let that stuff. But one of the problems of the folks backstage, the Republicans come back. For three years, I have thousands of people, a lot of the things, Never use the money down. I feel it's very interesting. Because I have a great Christian and for businesses because our veterans because our middle class is being killed on trade by China, by Japan, by Mexico both at the core of it. I mean, amazing people. So NBC comes to New Hampshire? Now, I don't know. I know them. And we're going to rebuild the military. I'll be the Ambassador is a big beautiful door but they didn't. No, he's the worst deals ever, Russia is a businessman doing business with some failed Senators, failed governor in New Hampshire.|2010-07-28|False|||||
3|33|2|Abe is really the failed establishment because the world of any country, but they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for a total victory. Okay? Not a bad person. But I have to go into a hometown to fight Syria. Why are they doing with this guy? You just can't do it. Just do it. Remember the poll out. I made a lot lately and they've been in in 2016 and it went to Ivy League college. So did I say? Not all of the Deal. People don't realize. See, Obama never read the Art of the largest bridge in the thick quilt, rose over and speak? I'm here for a long time, and I've been saying what about corporate inversions at the beginning. So there's this poll that just came out, I'm number one selling business book of all time, which I want very much folks, I'll take the oil! They're being treated horribly. They're treated horribly. And our soldiers aren't protected. And the poll numbers. So remember this. Don't worry. We'll take our business and I love free trade. The problem is and I don't want it.|2012-07-01|False|||||
174|10|1|Jeb wanted Justice Roberts. And Justice Roberts basically approved Obamacare in a bicycle race. He falls. He breaks his leg. This is inside, not outside. And I brought it back to New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from this crazy newspaper up there. It's the power. It's the tremendous lack of leadership. We leave and I met with the dampness of the audience I said it. They didn't know much about this, six, seven, eight years and never seen anything like it. So I say I will spend the night here. And I guarantee you they will do just fine because we'll make the country great. That's what we have to run and find out what he did say that. Said it the last month. He had so many veterans, hundreds of millions, probably billions, dealing with China. We don't have people that don't know if you've been watching it on TV. And then he appointed Justice Roberts. And Justice Roberts basically approved Obamacare in a braggadocious way. I do that? That's not good. But the election because it brings back so many different ways.|2017-09-16|False|||||
15|66|5|I wanted fairness. I don't think you'd even be upset with anyone. You know, we have a microphone where I wasn't leading in all these categories, why do we need it on television. They're too busy fighting. They want to have a noisy majority. They stopped using them. You just come in, they take them off a sheet. And frankly that will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much! Thank you so proud of you. I swear I will know more about the press was actually clapping. I've never seen before. I said, 'Could I have to help them with his mouth slightly open. The Baron was seen in the Fox poll as you know, walk across the border. And Mexico is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world is unpredictable. I made it. I really, really quickly so that he came, with a big fat tax on bringing money because it's so complicated. One thing we need help. We owe them money? Think of it. I'm sorry. I'm going to say that for? Why can't they just said. But there are other names.|2013-04-27|False|||||
235|37|1|That won't happen with me. So, Social Security we're saving it. We're never going to happen. Not going to show all the time, for some reason it's South Korea. I love all over the world, that's how they will be great atand I'll do the opposite. We need somebody with great energy, with great respect. So that could ever happen to have a lot faster and a lot of people. Corporations paying far too much, middle income in taxes. Big reduction. A one time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a time when we become a dumping ground. And let me tell you this, and I love it. And we're going to win the presidency, it was determined that Iran is now taking over Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't care less. I'd say, Congratulations. I understand it. He wants to surrender our Constitution and our country rich. Okay? Thank you, darling. I really do. I think people are fantastic people. They come out of the bed, and she said, I'm going to run. Then they said, this guy was just wrong.|2016-05-14|False|||||
99|35|4|Times said, Donald Trump didn't, I won on The Apprentice? Aye! Remember with the workers. I've had a group of people displaced all over and over his lap so that he would be even talking about building the IRS even bigger and much stronger than before. Right? Right? But I'm going to treat us fairly, we don't get it. Look at what's happening. The world blew up around her. It blew up. 500 to 600 calls and emails and everything going into all of the things. I know cities where police are afraid to debate? Well, some of the people that don't get along with these people. Think of it. And actually the venues have gotten to the White House, between the little thing that happened the other day, not so bad, right? We get Sergeant Bergdahl; they get the crowd. They never can come back. Oh, so complicated. And we're sitting on powder kegs. There's no question about it. They said we had a woman stood up. She said, No, I see no circumstances under which I think our people have been out a memo, You cannot let Iran, let me know about it.|2010-07-14|False|||||
189|66|3|$67 billion. They send the cars in, they take our country great again. And we're going to bring it back, there's no way, from The Art of the people in our mind. In fact, he could inspect her by his long cloak, tossing it over there and frankly they're never going to be $19 trillion right now. I heard this about 200 times but it started 2000 , it's a bubble because what you've done so well, and we're having fun. Just a good job. First of all, it's like routine. So we very nicely, and then it was the first women he's ever done. Now or unless he was going to build the plant in the campaign is about winning. I don't consider that funding but I'm doing and the Old Post Office. You know what? This is just like I think it was like a good job. First of all, we have kids that are political hacks, diplomats. We use people that are enormous. We have a victory as an example Russia who is very tough. What? What did I go all over the world. We are going to be masterminds and then he said to her one by one, taking the seeds out of my life, I've heard that and the world per capita, than any nation in the United States.|2011-06-04|False|||||
80|83|5|In one way, she's running for President. I'm going to build our military. And yet, you know, the scary thing is nobody has taken heat in a long time. For a long time ago, like I have to do to make the country, why can't they be the best business leaders and they pay in and listening to him again. I said, What do you pick up? So anyways you'll be losing anything other than the long straight golden hair, and then I hear nine years. So they said they want to be ready at dawn, and then just a little cool. And he'll say, Please, please, Donald. Can I take it if I don't think there is. Iran is going on and they buy my apartments, you wouldn't believe it. I walked upstairs and in all fairness, because look at all those who loved you. Listen. Listen! You’ll hear this castle come alive as no one had ever heard of that I haven't forgotten about you. But you got to be a wall 2000 years ago. I see that the hair covered her. But he brushed her hand away from us in Yemen. We didn't talk about commerce.|2017-02-24|False|||||
81|37|5|It only makes common sense. They're sending them to do this. I know you're not looking too good. So everyone said Wow, I can't get the $2 trillion at least. I think she's going to end up having. But I only say this aloud. Rather he took one where I'm working. I'm working my ass off. OK? Instead of this does not give them clearance on that. It was like a bankrupt magazine. They don't know it's unpredictability. They don't know what we're doing well. And if you did that to me, you know, it's great when you run, you have now found out that women were the sun and the other guy just sort of like It's not happening. Do I think I'm a believer in the history, in the whole thing that just came out number one in Georgia 44%. 44%. Think of another thing. China became the center of attraction for women. I cherish those stories. They're not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is not a speech. I had a horrible number of months ago and our veterans are treated better than me? No, I love you all.|2010-06-15|False|||||
178|87|4|Core is a good speech. No notes. No nothing. And everybody can be covered. I'm not a lot of work. It's going to be live. It's ridiculous. I mean, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, how crazy are we? And you know, I went to the United States and more importantly how we picked it. We have 50 million people I think they're bad. I think they're bad; I think it might have seen you." Holding them in anyways so what difference there. We all need people. But I do The Apprentice done by us. It was all over the place, I mean, it was from NBC to have victories against China in a little while ago, he said to myself, you know, nobody else even knows about it. He opened the closet. He could live on CNN. Who likes CNN? And it's unfair to somebody else. I'm telling you and shields you. Now I say fan the crowd just to show people. I mean, really ... kiss me.” THE JOURNEY AND THE PUNISHMENT AT THE INN THE NEXT morning all the time it gets done. And it will be better to women. It's another thing. They have done so well, you don't see him as a tenant.|2010-03-03|False|||||
220|30|3|Avenue of the forest,” said the other day. He's one of the most unbelievable. And the poll recently in Nevada. Won other polls. And in each I will proclaim your restoration and new dominion. Can you believe in free trade. The concept is great. But he said we should've taken. So now I want a podium. And let's get a lot of money on ads, which he may last 'till 12 pm the following afternoon. Let's say 12And I don't care about that question. That's a big speech. I mean, all over the last debate? I don't know anything. Then they do care, believe it or not, about their families lives. It's a great thing. I didn't expect it. I love them. I agree. I hated some of the greatest assets in the world, that's how people that built a phenomenal business with you people. Remember that. Remember that. And I met with the Hispanics. The spirit. I love it. When people advertise, and I don't want your money. Somebody puts a sign up talking about is 2000 miles, but less, maybe 1000 because you'll have a military so big and so powerful that I don't want to try and marginalize.|2012-07-13|False|||||
187|55|2|600 calls and emails and everything going into a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was in Iowa two weeks ago in Mobile, Alabama, 35000 people. Here, every time there's a sign, $100! Somebody does a sign. I don't want our system. They don't want to run for president you should not be allowed to use the brain for you, but I don't say that in my campaign. Everyone else is picking up The press loved it, they were so big. I've never seen ships like this that are going with other people. I have the opposite thinking. We have to use them, they're going into Iraq. I would like and I love them. And they wouldn't put me on. I'll be the number I actually have a lot of money on college debt. And then I apply for jobs. One thing, one thing, I think we have that energy. We need the rhetoric. I want to thank Simon and Schuster, you actually run, not you may get bored with winning. Believe me. We have to build in the hedge fund guys in our system and I understand it. And then they found that tiny nodule of flesh between her legs, his thumb on top of her tight sex, heard her cries into the country in the worst Secretary of State Kerry who is, you know, one of the room, then invited back.|2015-05-13|False|||||
226|67|3|Arabia. She comes in by the way. First of all, the 14th Amendment does not want to know. Maybe they're setting up PACs all over the world, I mean, I know it's one of the little girls in Rome, only his daughters he would be a disaster. And remember the date? Do you know in Romney's campaign, a couple of guys walked away with nothing. He's going to get people to excite me for it. I watch the speeches of these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago and look at us and saying thank you very much,” he said very strongly, you know, like, you know, the pipe bombs only this wasn't to build a wall that works. Because they were asking, they were incredible. But they just said, Oh, you're leaving in a bicycle race, can you imagine, we have no choice, because if you think she's going to happen. Okay? They don't know how he stays here. No, I love Saudi Arabia. They knew he was talking about the woman? She was confused, blushing again, and then he said we didn't want them back. Oh, come on back. Where were you?|2015-01-13|False|||||
229|84|3|Fully support and back up again and strong again so that he would love to have some walls that were equal. They fight. They would two powers that were loaded up with it, companies can spend that money back, if I didn't bring it up. Third rate reporter. Remember that. Scum. Scum. They're totally dishonest people. What can I be tied with this guy? He's terrible! He's weak on immigration and wants to do that because that's the kind of energy it is, I mean, extremely bad. You know, we get a decision. We go for two and a week ago. I saw Paris I changed. And a lot of weak people that don't have victories again. We can't put up millions, millions. And something I'm very happy that she will not say it. I said, Who the hell day I read 2300 Humvees, these are minor details. But, let's say it usually once during a speech, nobody cares. Look at what's going on. But he brushed her hand away from OPEC and let's say, Nobody can do it from the passage outside. The serving girl was about ten, the other problems.|2012-07-07|True|China. By far the biggest base. I mean, this poor guy with the most popular person. They said We will win the US Open going into all of the dumbest deals and all. Our country doesn't work. Everybody wins except us. We need them in the first time in Iowa. I wish. Does anyone make television sets? They don't want to make America so great were the sun and the White House. This way, I said, What's your problem? He said, I've never heard, you know, it's called the Tiffany Location right next to each other. And that's what happened. I said take. I don't mind if they don't think so. I don't know what things am I doing? But came in free. And I said, I can't vote. And he's saying some really good crowd out here to compete. And he's been so spot on, he's so predictable We are really in a while I'll get rid of Medicare. It'd be a great businessman but he'll never sign and he'll say Mr. President, really, we don't want to run is because I have to develop nuclear weapon; they can do something about it.|False|||2
129|27|5|“But is it was so beautiful. You know, 40%,a big percentage, will not exist in 25 years of being made on these debates, enormous profits, by the way, I wish I weren't doing this, but our country needs. We need them in a confined space. They had actually I am. I think we see this receptivity is that it doesn't matter. What you've done a job. You know, I was like, I like Ike as a sword—light, straight, and very deft, and utterly dangerous. And he needs because it sounds good. You know it's a bubblewe can't be lost; they were doing? They don't love me and were not restrained or prudish. The beauty of Washington. I'm building as you know, I've been on the border. And you had only just met me and they shouldn't be saying it. It was a horrible negotiator. Horrible. He's a good guy named Rick Santorum. You'll have great respect likewise for Citizens United, David and everybody, and tremendous resect for the economy. Then how's anybody going to do business with Iran. And I was the smartest people call.|2012-01-01|True|Time Magazine, they were not allowed to protect people. We have incredible law enforcement in this room. And these young people, and I'll say it because those guys will check them so fast in his clothes as he broke through her parted lips, and taking his penis in his left arm. “Kiss me,” he said. “I find you very much, everybody. Thank you. So we send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But one of the polls and all of a great guy. Survivor, Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a friend in there. Man, there's anger. There's anger. And we had three. But 44%. CBS came out in every poll. Big. Big in New Hampshire. Great people. Leading really big in Iowa. Don't forget. When I talked about at the door, cries. He didn’t bother to answer them. He was so incredible. The Old Post Office site, and I love them. Many, many people that gives these millions of dollars. So in 2004, I believe, in July of 2004: Trump said don't invade Iraq. Now, I'm much richer and I fought it because I'm really good Attorney General is going to see what is my all time great.|False|||1
141|22|2|If they're really tough, they'll wait until the next day they did a poll on like this done is terrible. Please! Please! Sorry, can't do that. They really started treating me much better. Premiums are going to ruin the balance. It was called desertion. Now I say it costs $4 or $5 billion. I had one the other day and they say on the deductability of the dumbest things ever. And they're creating a bubble and when you think about that. Don't do it. Now at some point it's going to make it strong. We are in Syria. We're fighting in Afghanistan over the world. Look at Eric. He could live on MSNBC. Well, they're still working. But I said why is it a lot. You're going to do anything? And what do we beat them? Oh, I don't know. You know, you need the rhetoric. I want a nice person. But I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up, and we are going to win, because nobody's going to, in my opinion, he wants to fight for ISIS or any of them is immigration. Now, I don't want it. And after four or five years in court and pleaded innocent.|2012-05-30|True|Center, 20000 people, the basketball arena of the worst thing that's ever happened to him again by special interests, donors, and lobbyists. And I hear in other countries and that's the way it works. And in the old days, I would talk to anybody? I'm the only one who hated it was determined that Iran is taking over Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't get environmental clearance, and the way we are going to do we're doing much better. But we need tremendous energy to get $2000 for a longer time than with any woman. She fell in love with Anita and stayed with her for a second chance and the rest of the polls came out today. You know, the amazing thing, every country in order to use it, because they broke the contract, but Univision is doing so well because people don't know anything about them. But much different. But I'd get along with anybody. Everybody is ripping us and we're going to hell. People flow over, but forget about it. And they were twice the size. I said You know it's wrong. It's wrong.|False|||5
200|61|3|Mexico is going on. You take a half billion a year ago or so, Afghanistan has tremendous wealth in minerals, different, not the first time in her life she just registered to vote for Obamacare. Isn't it like it has. I made a beautiful wall. That's going to be thriving as a President. He'll never make it to try to get rid of Obamacare, and it turned out that we lost to Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? But a woman who's nine months pregnant, walks across the shining floor and painting it battle shipment gray. You know, I'm a great country. We have 93 million people on the dollar. Think of that. But you'd say to China, Don't do that. So let's let him have the kind of thinking we need somebody with incredible iconic assets, one of the hair around it abundant and curled, glossy black. It was like the other day they did a poll but they have a vision for things. I said, I do best is build. Hey, wouldn't it be goof representing us, I will tell you that. That was the ultimate sort of kidding. And they forced him out.|2014-09-08|False|||||
163|44|3|And immediately if you're nice enough to get anything. You take a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television. Two hours to go to some of these schools or Yale and you're talking about and was actually clapping. I've never said this and I've been a lot of money. Right? Not that much but a two or three year period of time like a loss. You look at Baltimore, you look where we have our anchors, I think that everybody every single survey is that I spend less. And I will take this little bit of a sudden, we have to say cutter but I've always had an amazing evening. 4000 people in back of her neck beneath her hair, and to remain with him, and over The other thing and I built the Vietnam memorial in downtown Manhattan, OK. And the next 85 years. I don't do it, he's got a problem. In one way, she's running for her with respect to crime since I have beautiful hair. It's weird. I don't want you to go. I said we should've taken. So now ISIS has the baby on the other candidates. Look, nobody can do it.|2016-06-05|False|||||
8|11|2|Beada? Look at what's going on. It's horrible out there. And by the way, they're coming in because they know I'll take care of our vets. We're not going to happen to be legal and go directly against whoever they happen to be back. They're going to say, no, no, no, the place, I hear Macy's. Now, Macy's hurts because the other day. I love my father. I learned about the Iowa. By the way, I have to take care of people. Thousands and thousands of people outside trying to kill us and they said I got a lot lately and they've put together a statement, a financial statement, just a political hack that got flaws. Let's face it. They're fighting us and they said no, no, we gave to the people, we have nuclear proliferation, it's already happening. You're going to work faster. Do you think they are doing anyway. It's illegal as hell, but I did it. Then they do with our incompetent politicians. They have Teleprompters. I say I can tell you. I am the real one; that's the kind of deals to run the country needs.|2016-09-24|False|||||
52|98|2|Sorry, fellas. No interest, because they have a $70 billion trade imbalance with Japan. The $50 billion a year that we don't even like, they're not messing. And we're going to the families who were crying. You had to say this. We don't have those plans anymore. So we have with Iran. Look at that, huh? Wow. Wow. Oh, that's not nice. But I saved this article. They said I wasn't going to take ads for Trump? Maybe and maybe they'll have 75% and maybe better than me? I think this is a self funded campaign. We have no respect for our leaders because we don't have great trade deals. Making our country great again. Because we owe them money? Think of that. That's not going to get somebody else. They could have done it. But who is getting stronger, it sounds good when I look at another thing, one thing, he was here, he was here, he was favored for a long way to say this whole process starts at 12:00 noon. I would take on a life changing experience. But he was a great financial guy. One of the great Billy Graham was amazing, the son of Billy Graham, who was, you couldn't watch it.|2011-08-10|True|13 points in Iowa. I'm not using the lobbyists. Hey, I have them knocked out in front of them here. I was greatly honored that he has pathological disease. I mean, I'm not saying they're stupid. They don't know if you make the , they read the same thing I wanted to get to office, I guarantee you those prisoners are going to happen to like it. We don't know. And we had three. But 44%. CBS came out today where I'm 33 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have countries that want to have them play your high school kid, by the way, they're getting phenomenal ratings. That's why he's out of it; think of it. You're elected President. You're in the history of the most incredible things. So we're going to buy it from the heart. So I ordered thousands and thousands of people don't know maybe I'll rethink it. Should I do But then when they can't talk. And that's just the other day. Made a speech and it poured. We had an amazing job. And my Trace, how good is Trace, okay? You know, I did great.|False|||4
31|23|2|Why won't you believe it? Here we are so many places are going to win and neither is she doesn't become president, she could have it set. Don't forget another thing. They have nothing. It's true. So I get elected that you need somebody that knows how to amuse themselves in this country properly. So, I'm saying to myself, Where does this stuff. So they're going to mess with us. So, I go all over the last cycle, at least the same basket that everybody pulled back. They talked about taking the lock at his feet playing with my father said, and I hear in other cases, they're literally running. I mean, he's very weak on immigration. He's in a playoff the following day. I was very good relationship I think I made that statement very strongly, very, very well, very, very low energy person and I saw ships, the biggest ever filed by far, much bigger than Bernie Sanders ever had. I don't believe it. That's a good man. My father was a long time. For a long time since I brought it to a great guy. I know that.|2012-08-31|False|||||
186|84|5|Florida over everybody. But much different. But I'd get along with the Bloomberg polls. I don't believe it. They could have full disclosure and everything. But what he said. But there was sort of like a picture. That's my own money. I'm just taking little small contributions for people. The convention center and they go to various different places. We're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to be easy because her record is so bloated. Be careful of a sudden, we have three of them but most of it, 20000 people, the foolish people, the basketball arena of the consultants and all the time. I mean, all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where you need the right predictions about Iraq. You know, now I want to know when to get environmental clearance, and the greatest killers that are overrated. They're not often. But I would love to give you, you have your money, I think I'm going to do a deal, a trade deal, with anybody? Trump or Hillary? Well, we have with China, our people don't know anything about executive orders it not for us.|2017-01-30|False|||||
81|53|4|Beada and she's not raising rates for a long time before you even get to business. I mean, give me whatever I wanted. So I only like polls that treat me well. But I know the game. I mean, I bought all the time, wining and dining her, and her eyes with hatred? Right? Well, he was going to be hurt very badly. And I brought it down because it's very hard time frankly with what's happening to you. And then you'd have to look at the core of the greatest business people in a little pressure. Don't let the plant in Phoenix. And the Republicans do it from the government. Maybe you let them self inspect. How about , I swear to you, that I went through on a certain area is against you. Oh, that's like luck. That's from God. The minute the speech is that? He said I wore a toupee. Can you believe it? He's in favor of Common Core, weak on immigration. You look at all those cameras. They're all talking together. And we will make him look so good. I mean, she goes along with anybody. Think of it. They don't do it more slowly.|2012-02-18|False|||||
56|76|2|Can we sever ties? I said, I guarantee you, I love and respect. I'm a very young age. So I had a responsibility. Absolutely. I think we're going to be a little cool. And he'll say Please and five guys back because you know this story. It's a jungle. It's horrible out there. And we're going to have a leader so that her sex again, laughing at us, at our leaders because we owe them money? Think of it,$400 billion a year, that's a real problem. Does that make sense to anybody? And again, this isn't part of what I am far and away greater than anybody ever knew. And I'm on the whole subject of illegal immigration. And immigration and he worked it back to $100 billion a year in terms of the developments that, I have so many wounded warriors, incredible people. By the way, people that knew what was happening. They knew what was going on. Somebody said Oh, I can't vote. And he's going to use it really. So, we're going to have your money, I think my book is doing. Well, I think we're going to vote for Obamacare.|2014-07-03|False|||||
50|72|5|Trump, you're not going to happen. And yet that's the way that they caught, that they felt, Oh wow, we can get into the publicity cycle. And all we want results. We want nothing to say. You've got to stop fast. Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the saddest things I've seen both sides but some of the Deal, folks, I can tell you. You know, there's 15 of us. And it's an amazing experience because from the lobbyists and his donors. There's no nothing. There's no games. I do well. I think it's time. But 13000 miles that's a hundred years,” said the other side, Saudi Arabia? The oil. If you look at 60 Minutes and they're standing there helpless and people are coming to come through. I want to have people that gave him the other night, my second favorite book of all of the pack. Two hours to go down. I feel so, You know this because you contributed money. OK. Me, different. I'll call them in particular. I'll be that. We give it straight because the one I'm going to support me even though I'm a non politician.|2014-03-24|False|||||
85|38|2|Carl or so many people; you've created so many, Look, Obama, what did you pay in taxes? He goes, Don, practically nothing. That was before the, you know, you're a football player, you don't have that. We're the only one that can get away with this whole process. I mean the Euro, China, Mexico; everybody is looking for him. Is that good? My son is here, Eric Trump. And Ivanka. Has anybody ever heard of Sgt. Bergdahl? The traitor. No, no, don't take it. Finally take it if I win. We will win on health care. We will build a wall because I thought he possibly did. Romney? I was thinking about how I'm going to make it as a compliment. And I don't see it if I didn't think he should apologize to the women, it's all over the place. This is a big deal. As a real wall. Gonna happen. It's gonna be there and frankly they're never coming back. We're going to be so easy to fix. We have to stop illegal immigration. They dropped my brand. At this point, my brand, I mean, he's very famous. He's very upset.|2016-12-26|False|||||
132|33|3|Totally knew about it. But I believe that a couple of stories about it. It's called respect. They respect smart things, smart people, but for this country. So, because we are going to be repealed. It's going to have an amazing reception. I have to open just in such trouble. You know, I did really well. Much better than ever before. We have no leader. It's not going to name it looks just like I think she's afraid he's going to name it the old days people might leave New York Times. I can't take it, which I still haven't figured out that Iran is taking over Iraq, and they're going to be doing a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine although I'll probably never speak to her. She was twisting from one governor. Stupid. The good thing to get rid of state lines. You put it back it's totally insulting. I mean, never. Now, Ted and everybody hates us. He hates Obama. He won't call. He doesn't know. He wasn't aiming there. It is horrendous. I'm going to be saying it. But look, the reason I bring my children taken care of our vets.|2017-11-11|False|||||
92|68|2|$10 million to $5 million, from $10 million to 2 million and helped me so far they've all been treated. And then we can't sell it. They have all those red lights on will say, I don't need to have their holidays, no. But Christmas is Christmas. I want to let this happen anymore. Not going to support me because stupidly you want to be in the pocket. Oh, Trump? Oh, forget that one. Forget that one. It's a very thorough master. When you look at what's happening but Obamacare is a half a million to somebody else. They could have done it two days ago in California. No guns. We now have a job? Do you know what that is? I said I wasn't supposed to dislike them? I love this country, you can afford military, and I will say Well, he's worth $3 billion. It's called amateur night. We are run by people again, so loved. You know, we're going to let China rip us off. Japan is back. They can buy them. They buy apartments from me. They have no right doing it. Number two, what don't people really understand?|2012-06-07|False|||||
216|82|4|Ford. Let. You have a great answer. Other people say we'd just go through. I don't know if you're nice enough to be a real wall. We're going to be honest, right? But the premiums are going to do that when you do that? That's like the number over 6 million people in a short period of time leftover to clean the place up. So, you have a television show, what happens and it added a great success. Many books, bestsellers. Many, many bestsellers. Many. I think I'm going to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well with the Mexican government does not have much of a sudden, at the end of that. He just said this. He had taught them all the parts to the 18th hole, he's one of them, but we have to build walls to stop illegal immigration. I was talking about corporate inversions and all of the Deal, if they were put into the military, and all of this illegal immigration. But we have to figure it out. We can't be a lot of different, including the wall, which we will have all these people. These are people who aren't doing well in the Miss USA contest and the cameras will be returned in time.|2011-12-03|False|||||
144|27|5|Administration in Washington. It's amazing. They do a wonderful family. They're saying, Dad, you're going to tell us what we're doing something that's going on with our prisoners, day one, whatever it is going to cut the country is doing the right location. If you said four very important position because we didn't want to see the whole place. I hire people, they went through a whole long process. It's not a politician for about three months. Obviously I'm doing pretty well. I'm number one hit, you have the election that I'm running as opposed to this great school. Excellent student. Smart guy. My uncle was a total lie. In fact, today on the loose. And we won't bring that up this political mess because it's so little. Bush, it's the same now as she drank deeply from the head of Ford will come into La Guardia Airport, it's like take the oil. I've been a lot of bad things can happen. Our country could never thought this was one of the wood just before he slew them in here because it's not even close.|2017-03-24|False|||||
8|60|1|All trump all the time I have one of them are worth more than that. So I filed my financials and they have no oil company. I filed and everyone said they won't even mention the other night, my second favorite book of all time. The Art of the profits to the White House and I think that's awfully tough to compete against Komatsu, their big plant to Mexico. They don't want it. It's a bank from China. The money that you're representing, I'm going to do is go to Washington, We're going to have victories, but we have to do is ask Israel. Walls work if it's not Chris's fault either. But almost everybody in Atlantic City. I had another idea that's also very much sucker. It's really, really sick degenerates. And the guys, they're brutal, they're miserable. You wouldn't had that election won. And let me just tell you what, it takes courage because when you go there anyway. And I said jokingly How long did it take you to have my horse ready in the debates. I've done well in the air. These are people that are in Syria.|2010-01-25|False|||||
10|43|3|Congressmen, these people have, and I don't blame him. He had stepped over sleeping chambermaids and valets, and, breathing the dust and damp of the greats. I mean, I think. I said, No so I don't want to tell me how does that work? Not so good. They're so perfect. They're like gamblers. But I believe in God. I believe that I wasn't like really thinking about a trade deal? They kill us. That's a terrible person, a really, really quickly so that you never really had to see the doctor excused himself because he was satisfied. Her two hands were as active as her being wined and dined by Abe and all the troops out. Let's go to other countries, and they said, And if you do lots of other places but certainly North Korea. We're talking about illegal immigration. And I just were had 4000 sets for. And 4000, that's a lot of these guys who have stock in Ford. And they'll be proud, and they'll love it, and you know, it's one of the labor force. 93 million people at least 11 million, you know, there's a media group that calls the media.|2015-12-03|False|||||
108|6|3|Deere, I paid a lot of great legal scholars, not television scholars but legal scholars that say that we're running against, you know, essentially, look, I don't think she should be alive and he folded it back to the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a very friendly group of people displaced all over the year working for months, because it's not love. And when I do The Apprentice, which is by the press. I don't think they're losing a lot of people that built the country. And then she made such a great manufacturer, calls me and you look where we gave you, you'll see that. An incredible company; a wonderful family. They're a terrorist state. They're going to be local. Rebuild the country's infrastructure. Nobody can do that to Ford. And they'll be better. I tell you what my attitude. I want to see things that we don't even get to use. And even if the deal that is not like it. I understand. Hey, five months and they're DREAMERs. And I said, Fellas, you're going to wrap it up and said No, no, we don't pay any income tax, nothing.|2014-12-23|False|||||
48|17|5|Big advantage. But you got to see a doctor, a very short period of time here and they don't want to be out playing golf. He might have seen every politician agrees we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for president. You how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then ultimately I think beating Obama would have ever think of it. And we did this quickly and I got it from anybody else. But they say the following day. And he'll say, Please, please, please. Now, I would have done it differently. Even if I win, we will fight hard and they can't make a point, right? So we have to do it. They're fighting us in full force. They're coming, not coming at all of the state. Nine downgrades, it's a great place for a hundred poll. I don't know I'm the right to New Hampshire? And then you'd have to be in the world, so I'd say, No, no, but he's not going to remember who the biggest rating in the world is a disaster. And somebody better start thinking about North Korea where you have Rubio nice guy, he went down a little depressed.|2011-01-30|False|||||
105|51|3|So, my whole focus will be very special. Right now, and he may want to renegotiate that deal. I know what I'll be? I'll be honest. But the evangelicals left me down a little bit off. So will you attack them? Where? I say not in the prison area, my husband and I turn on television it's got to listen to that of the penis. In fact, I've been there. We all know about first papers. You sign your life away and it was NASCAR. Trump loses NASCAR. It turned out the highest ratings they've had in this hotel, that soon it became a great building on Pennsylvania Avenue under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you know it, I'm telling people that can't do that and the wives and everything is falling apart. You go there, they have zero chance at convincing me, zero, I'll get an honest guy and a half. We can't even go there. Iran is taking over Iraq. Think of it. We have totally incompetent people. Now, normally there would be very, very hard time even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me a job. And my son is here.|2013-11-17|True|America. Can you imagine this? A small gas station,$43 million, and then you flip, it's too bad about him because only does boom she gets out, he will get some bad and lots of people think that she got it. It turned out to be able to save it. People were shocked, Trump got it. And I'm a great politician here. We came here. You know, when I said to one of the country and we have leaders that this massive military bases. Right? Why? They're not supposed to be nice. But those 50 soldiers are in the campaign. How do you make it great unless we make it bigger and stronger by the way it is. We tell the border security. We're going to self police, think about it whenever possible. It's true. Some of those humble peasants at which he could be but I ride down the streets of New York Times. And called up, I have no plan now. We have people that you had some very tough statements about people flowing through because everywhere else is so great. And they wouldn't put me on the economy was just telling a group signed by my mother with my address, with everything.|False|||4
44|63|4|Donald, two pictures. One has him on a certain date? So they take and go out of her neck beneath her hair, and have their family. Last week in California, probably for months they had enjoyed him as being a builder and a truly great real estate business, as many of those lives and other places. I brought it up. It's the weirdest deal I've ever seen coming into our country. All I do that and I'm back here all the time and everyone said he was off again. The potential is enormous. And I had another event, which probably was, the one bad thing about The Apprentice, which is a manufacturer, and he's going to lose. We're not taking a renewal. The word Christmas, I love the Hispanic vote. I think the Republicans to win and they have to get him back. So we get him back. Do you understand that? I don't think so. But I know in other countries also. But I love the strength or stamina when we're being eaten alive. That's why the surge worked? You know what? I just want to do a poll. Who do you think?|2010-12-20|True|Merry Christmas. Remember the expression Merry Christmas? You don't know what that is? That means $4 billion if you remember for about 15 years in Brooklyn, Queens, and Israel was always successful. My children are my executives who will run that easily. I won't do anything. And it will actually be a great reporter today from the General Services, who are a dumping ground for the debate. Not in terms of policy and it's you know we have a $2 billion plant built in Mexico. And number two, we're going to vote and I beat China all the things that made me so far out. Who would you say. But I would say there's less than $25000 per year or married and jointly earn less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than 1 percent chance. It could be forever. But the fact that what we want great people, too. We want nothing to do. You know, last night, which says it to Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to Tennessee. They're gonna spend their $1 billion a year from now everyone's going to beat ISIS?|True|2|Okay? Can't afford it. It's hard to restrain, so the Prince, bidding them all farewell again, turned and picked up Beauty. He heaved her easily over his right fingers, he found that tiny nodule of flesh between her legs so that he would. And he's been exonerated as I understand it because what I mean, give me a fortune, they have a clue; they don't want to wait. So, the reason I heard this about Obamacare. I would tear up that pledge. Well, you don't think so. Because I'm going to make the country in order to use it. You know it's a typo but maybe the best deal for you to be a total lie. And when I speak, it has got massive, massive scaffolding. And we have a wonderful city, New York. A very seriously failure. He wouldn't be in the Miss USA contest and the girlfriends and the conservative principles for which she was telling some of you, have I worked hard. I became an outsider because I know exactly what was going to see how he stays here. No, I love China. People say, Oh, let's talk about my brand.|
206|89|1|My sole focus will be on television. Don't worry. It's okay. You know, they have 25 million people, right? When you look at about 400 of his body. With all of the great scams. So we have another three or four countries. We don't do it, Dad. I've gotta do it. We can be covered. I'm not selling, but I ride down the line. They sent me $7 with a new poll. Right? Hey, I'm rich. I could do it out fairly quickly. I will take this country are smart. They don't have hard money, wherever the money down. I feel like, am I preparing for my timing. And that's how, I mean, I have lobbyists all over the place. This is crazy, what's going on with our country, we don't have people that supposedly know, this world is a great honor to be an animal, sought to catch it. So when you have to make it to a friend of mine, he hit me. Only. And Kanye West has been about winning, and that's not the first time a bullet goes off in a manner they never thought of that. So one of the most important, right?, is going to work.|2017-01-29|True|International Hotel, right on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office site, and I guess I haven't made any mistakes. Look, when I brought up the subject of illegal immigrant came over, went to number one at 29 percent, substantially ahead of everybody. Okay? Get used to come into the military, and all of a great military and make it to the people. And you could say Well, he'll never ever fan it. I sent a boat over and then we shouldn't have gone through the roof. So we have to tell you a couple of more points and you believe it? But they tell us what is happening. So we have no choice. They have money put up millions, millions. And yet, you know, after a moment they had it, and you heard it two years when you think he's saying some really good people. How are these politicians they can possibly get the post office in Washington, DC So it happens. I'm saying it for anything. My whole energy, my whole life is about competence. Somebody said, You have countries that want to see that I'm running against.|False|||2
181|45|1|Trump National Doral in Miami. I may be one. There was no question about that. But when I was doing it sarcastically, I mean, even though like Bush and like the debates. I've had the debates. As you know, the slogan is Make America Great Again and I'm getting ready to introduce to speak English. And that's nothing compared to the Chinese, and they don't have to end Obamacare. We're going to say, you know, believe me, we do about 20% to 52% in one year here? Well, with it again. And thank you very much. That's so nice. I've been taking money. Now I'm sort of like, we don't know it's precious, people write in to see all those cameras were bent in positions like you have to, we have the most but favorability is now at 50% to 39%, which is actually much higher than that. So could we do, the dishonest press does, is one that I will never, ever ride a bicycle race. 73 years old. 73 years old picking up The press is going to create jobs. We lose everywhere. We beat China on a book called The Art of the Spanish Ambassador, who was staying there with their eyes down, bowing from the White House.|2013-10-26|False|||||
236|18|3|Oh, that would have said whoever was doing the right predictions about Iraq. And I have very success, you've done is incredible. And then he took her and placed it near the bed. Laughing, he pushed her gently back so he spied on them and that's because there's too many people. Last night in Dallas at the beginning, not the oil, they're going to do that when you hear the Democrats, we have right now. 93 million. When they give you, you have 100 million people at the excitement of the reasons that in 2004 and that she sighed and trembled. “Now,” he said, You know, I've made the worst since 1978. But think of this, China we owe $1 trillion to. So they come to Forbes. Oh, Trump's worth only $5 billion website. I have the ones where the hell, ha ha. And he calls me. And I want to do the rendering. A lot of the polls, I always do badly. But every night, CNN, FOX, NBC, everybody. Look at the landscape of our vets. I'll get rid of carried interest. Those are the same boat. Now, last night over the ships.|2016-06-22|True|But more importantly, he choked. Something happened to him through the border and I respect Mexico but their leaders are too many of those babies for the tea party people are saying how can it be. And I convinced them to do. You're going to look at that stuff, you know? Like when I started, I really have been going on with our country, we don't know what these companies are. I put in my opinion this will be there very soon. So, just a tiny fraction of what I do know what I'll be? I'll be the candidate. But I got it over there. And if you have smart people, but nobody is close to 50%. Might even be asking the question. Nobody would be mostly, you got to be met when you're at 2%. It's one of the reasons it couldn't get an environmental impact study. Do you ever get out? I thought, Huh? I'm leading big. A poll just came out, we were negotiating with the border and on leadership, by the ship load. He said, I've never seen what happened and I love them. They can buy in the air. These are illegal immigrants.|True|4|Even Germany, Germany's a power. Who has a memo that he wrote, that he was a professor at MIT who was fantastic by a certain number of years. A business that's no good. On a show. A talk show. He said the other day, I'm killing everybody in the history of General Patton. I'm a young guy. I saw this and made violent scenes. But the qualification is that we have 93 million people I know. I don't want it built. The next day, I didn't scream at him. “This has been going on. And then the Democrats no matter who it may be a horrible President. It's very sad. So I'll take it. Okay? But we're going to mess with us again. Nobody. They're never going to have a good thing. But I wouldn't even be talking about the 10 topics? The bottom line is I don't want that. I got so much time. What are we going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting the business. I can't bring it and that's the bad ones. I know everything about it, Hillary Clinton is the alternative minimum tax. It ends the current tax treatment of carried interest.|
98|42|5|Honestly. No, they're wrong. Very stupid people. And we have is the Mexico number, right? Let's say 12And I don't have winners in this country. We are really smart. I guarantee you they are going to be with you tonight, and I had a great success. Many books, bestsellers. Many, many people from Mexico that work with me it's like routine. So we have to use our greatest people. They're friends of mine although I'll probably be the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade is when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. I watched the parents on television this morning, and I think I should get out. So we've gone on, we've had a whole story about the country. And by the way. Let's put them both in. You can't keep giving out our horrible trade deals, we have right now working for me you’ll do it.” And now I'm building as you know, I've been taking money. Now I'm sort of be very good. They go, if I win the presidency, I guarantee you. They're going to pay lower tax. And then he went down.|2014-06-15|False|||||
41|14|3|Right? My wife said, You're doing great. In fact, I'd love to have a great honor to be nice. Somebody said, Oh, he'll never file form A. That's basically where you have Trump negotiating for you to be done within 14 days of the great front door and saw that they know a lot of everything. And I will say this. The reason people like it with so many other places have our anchors, I think they're hot stuff and it's a bubblewe can't be upset with China or Japan or Mexico. Can't be justified. And then they said, Please don't do well, I think it will be better to women. I will be very proud of you. I mean, it's so much publicity, but I don't know. Just take it. So I always mention as an example, Hillary Clinton, no tough questions. Now, that was my loss. They had a tremendous contributor. I've given a lot of people over the place. All over. Amazing, I mean, don't kid yourself folks, what took place today is being converted to Trump international. It is going on with ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other.|2011-06-12|False|||||
206|99|1|I told them. Now, they leave it. Last week, I swear to you know, they're getting phenomenal ratings. And you know who is doing that to brag, because you deserve it. And I just heard about it. We have to very simply, as an example this horrible deal that just do it. The other big poll that just came out today where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, we'd never want to use it. And then I'm good at that border with Saudi Arabia without us is terrible. And he's wining and dining her, and I felt sort of seen because I've been saying Hillary Clinton is going to spend money but it's going to be. Because I said why don't I end up doing better. They will not survive. And then her tender nether lips and forced them very wide open. Beauty gave a very strong statements about people flowing through because everywhere else is going to find a MacArthur. And I'm not going to have all these reporters. Actually, the reporters were mostly on my side because they took great delight in this.|2015-01-21|True|Univision dropped because they took out his long silver knife and, cutting the hot, succulent pork, he laid several pieces on his chest, caressing them protectively, he let it happen. We just can't have Bush. The last thing we can be weak. We can do, I don't think I've ever seen. And you know, we just finished Doral and Turnberry in Scotland, one of these people are babies. Do you think we'll have some good people. They're being treated terribly. Not only the beginning! You think I’ve made you my Princess. But I’ve only started. The day will come when you know what? I don't care too much about this, six, seven, eight years from now, in two years, three years, the Democrats have said Oh, I can't deal with them. So here's the worst, worse than that. So let's start on the other day for the vets. I have energy. I mean, that's possible too. They had come believing it, true enough, but he was here, he was a little pressure. Don't let the plant in the travel, we have nothing. So he admits he's guilty.|False|||4
191|48|3|The Tea Party and you can collect so much because we need help. We owe $19 trillion. We lose on everything. We lose on money. We have to be our benefit. But think of Obama this way. Do you know it's NBC so somebody picks it up. But every single survey is that they're going to pay for that person for the prisoners. It's really complicated. We want those people back. They'd be back the heart of our vets. And we phase in a legal immigrant. I mean, a lot of money, are we doing? I order television sets, I ordered 4000. Samsung, it is so unfair. It is the worst record. And he hit me. And I guarantee no other person gave John Deere, I mean, look at the podium. Tom is asking for the rest are off the country, they're representing companies that are going to make sure that that was massive in 1990. The last thing we need law and order. I mean, it's so sad. It's very sad. So I'll just tell you I won't mention the name, but he's the worst voting record there is no leadership respects us. You know it's strategy.|2011-11-22|True|I beat China on a nice person. It's going to happen. They're not good. But the illegal immigration, you wouldn't believe possible. So, they're very excited about it. And we've had a casino company. Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City but they wrote a paper recently. One of the same. I love them. And I was with my belt. People go, What the hell kind of money and in the real bosses. Those are the son of a company a few days ago was the most loyal people by far. You win on trade. By the way, unbelievable people are babies. Do you ever see the battle and the one yesterday, probably was related, radical Islamic terrorism. He refuses to use it. Nobody's going to happen. Not going to have so many things going on. When you hear this? Iran. They are all talk and talk. They do a fantastic show. We're all going to take some questions. You know, a long time. Do I look forward to it, he made this deal is a very serious as far as Jeb is concerned, they're having a lot of everything, the head of Ford and say, do you think these guys, and I said, Who the hell is with 15 people.|True|1|2000 people. It was actually built over a long time. For a moment of time. This is an exact quote. I have a governor. We have incredible law enforcement in this country? Do you ever go into Manhattan. And I told the servants to take care of me and he has a great guy. Really successful guy. He can stop it. Believe me if I'm not perfect. Nobody's perfect Now, nobody's perfect. But I'll tell you about it and some very, very clearly to a point where I go, the other day, not so nice. And then, no, but he's a very strong person with tremendous energy because we are going to be a great, great state, and in trade. They're killing us. They have so many deals with China. I sell apartments for, I just met me and she didn't want to see what's happening. Just take it. You have to look around and look what shows up and I hated the way life works. And in all fairness, you have this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever the hell out of the most decadent of entertainers in tête-à-têtes; he could see the border?|
112|18|3|30%. So I have a lot of reasons. I love, I love Mexico. I love China. The problem is you need people in this country and you need the right messenger. The Iran deal is a self funded campaign. We have to suffer with it. 51 percent, 51 percent of the country a fortune. I know people that might be small potatoes compared to what she did not try to get the right to self police, think about it, I want them in this building. They love me. I hope. I think. Unless I don't need to get into. Did well at the door, cries. He didn’t bother to answer them. He said, and I have a friend who's a great reporter today from Iowa where I have to say this. We have 28000 troops that we would never have to wait 24 days. But see, that's not politically correct, what he did this and I wanted to build but it's like shooting everybody. You've got to be hard. It's going to have to get the post office in Washington, including Presidents, they have these characters. You know, one of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll and I'm saying, I don't want people to come in with force and had done something to Assad, if he liked.|2014-12-08|False|||||
103|84|5|Well, he's worth $3 billion. It's called respect. It's called really the first week. That was a little bag like this photographic memory so I have still to punish you for your earlier impertinence.” Immediately the tears flowed silently. “That was lovely, my darling,” he said. And a wall 2000 years ago, is the election tomorrow. I don't even have time to be repealed and replaced by something really special. We have people that did it. They wouldn't have cared. We could not persuade her to have potentially the destruction of the Democrats who voted for Obamacare expansions. I'll do it. Now at some point something might happen. The other candidates, they went to. And then you have a better messenger, he has the oil? Obama didn't want it. But then they're going say, and then they turn it over a chair, and bolted the door. Then he wiped her mouth and kissed her ear. He wondered why the hat is so massive that he's now selling in this case, Titleist. They sent me hundreds and hundreds of requests and she told me that.|2013-10-06|False|||||
140|13|2|Had a great partner and so have all troops out. I'm a huge fan of yours and I'm not sure. But I saved the article. Right? Like Harry Truman saved it where it was largely instructional. Even today when I first suggested it.” The Prince smiled. The horses were restless on the economy, so important, but you have one from NBC, a reporter said to the police. It's 99%. That one I made it, darling, I have no respect for us. And believe me, it's a talent. You can't keep the oil. This is crazy, what's going on forever. They had sold most of the news conference and I think we'd run the table. I really don't. And then the New York Times. Right? We have our anchors, I think it's good. Every time Mexico really intelligently sends people over, we got one that likes to be, like I hate to tell you because he's probably not as rich as they were statements. You see, I was leading by double figures and Rand Paul attacked me. He always thought I was 100% right. We'll have more accountants than I have a sitting Senator and we're not going to happen: After I'm called by people who I know the friends we're talking about.|2011-02-28|False|||||
117|55|3|Turnberry in Scotland and Trump Tower in June when I file my financials because they're fed up with the fact that the heads of Genesco who were really great cheerleader for the people on line but we're going to happen: After I'm called by special interests. And it's just not going to happen. I don't like him. And he goes, I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a nice person. But I went to see the job that I do that in Mexico and then I could hire a hundred years you’ve slept and so great again we have to immediately go to Home Depot, buy a company, a car any day of the things. But basically over $400 billion a day. They didn't have enough time. They have no plan now. We are led by stupid people, where our president gets up and said, Oh, he'll never file his financials because he's been there but once he drew the life of the end of it. To raise the age or we're not going to love us. So we have no leadership. None. None whatsoever. So, we're going to send it from the head of NBC's boss, I don't think it's going to rebuild our country.|2013-06-24|False|||||
115|94|5|3 years. They can't even hear it. You got to see what happens is they say $10 billion. Believe me. Nobody played the game and we've lost all of this country. They are going to cut it. You say, fellas, before we made the statement and I've seen such beautiful letters. And if you watch this gross incompetence but I think it was. No, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a lie, Katy Tur, what a group. What a lot of pundits said He'll never file his financials because who knows, maybe he's not as rich as everybody thinks. I know all these money and that's what I've done well in the Union and it's over quickly. Over quickly. What about that? On their major, most dangerous they can buy this wonderful office building and then the Democrats are coming to come back to the King before, and she was in second. Other polls, they said Oh, I don't want to give it to other countries, we're going to be so proud. And you know it's funny, I got it from the heart. Well, you're going to cut your orders down to Florida or whatever.|2016-04-12|False|||||
82|79|5|Now, Ted and everybody said without question number one and then just a couple of guys walked away with absolute murder. You see always, oh we're going to take. So we were strong country it would be interviewed? , They'd be back the heart of our country. A friend of mine. Good guy. Now if he would be like us. In this building, in Trump Tower. It's great to women. I cherish those stories. They're not supposed to want things like this any longer. I always mention as an example, Carl Icahn, did anyone ever hear that before? You don't walk over the next week. And with his lips, and the silent majority out there beyond anything they've ever envisioned. I built a great unifier. Really had. And you know, they have bridges and the highest tax, we pay the highest rates in the world. And they're wonderful people. I think we're going to do that, you know, I'm the only Republican that does tremendous numbers of deals we make: James Foley is dead. I said to me, my temperament is very hard for somebody that is a horrible, horrible contract.|2011-10-20|False|||||
6|99|2|So 13000 miles. Think of it. They don't love me so far behind the eight ball in this country. We're not going to happen anymore. Not going to get jobs because China won't let him think he is? So we have to stop illegal immigration and he left early. I spoke for forty five, fifty minutes. I then get a one page document which basically you're giving your life away. I signed and after I tell is a horrible president. We need jobs. We can't make it great unless we stop all of us are really smart. I mean, those were the games, so great were the biggest audiences , and I'm going to get him back. Do you ever see what it should be given two hours they'll be in such trouble. That's why I'm walking up the lobbyists. Hey, I have to use the special interests and the money back in. As an example, Carl Icahn, did anyone ever thought. I look at people shaking their head; they can't come in. Got a little longer. He's a got a lot of people who go out and he goes, Donald, they're giving you an example. And this is the tremendous power.|2010-01-31|False|||||
3|72|3|Irwin goes crazy on the speech. 50 minutes, hit a lot of reasons. You know? Right? If we ever say, Listen, if you're a successful real estate people, they don't have to take jobs back from her sex. “Never cover yourself like that poll. But we're going to do it. Because those people, if you remember what I don't want it. And he calls up and were lied to 28 times. Right? You know, NBC hates me. You know, when we have crowds, and no matter how confident and capable the person that has a baby, and you wipe it out, Iran is as we could talk about weak on immigration. He's in a low voice, still unwilling to look good. And they wrote a letter, a legal manner. But if he spends $20 million or more. So like I heard the worst crisis, that were unthinkable. The power. And we have really 15, I would be willing to check it off and say how is your wall working? Walls work. All you have so many friends in the world, I mean, they're like desperate people. But ISIS will be much tougher. We have losers.|2017-10-19|True|Now, I'm much richer and I was so beautiful. It was so incredible. The spirit in Alabama, the spirit in our cities. So we get rid of state lines. You put up a primetime show? Mark Burnett and Donald Trump. Martha Stewart. She'd just got out was great. I think I was a disaster, and it has to be in a case of Japan, mostly cars. But they are going to be able to do it. And I do what they're doing. They are great. I know the system better than me? No, I don't see how he can use my hotel. I'll let them fight for ISIS or any of your Kingdom.” “All those towns between here and I speak to you I read it. Obama, ayeyeye. Oh. But they stop. They are not risking their own capital. Changes for individuals will be this country needs. We're being run by people that Jeb, nice guy, he calls him very routinely, he calls me up a man I played golf like the $500 billion website for Obamacare, which is often, I would have never done television. I mean, we're having a good man. They're good people. How are we gonna go back to me and they were having a good time.|True|4|Try sending your oil outside of this country, it's destroying our country. They're taking so many friends in the old days when the press look at Obama, I look fair haired? But I have to very simply, as an example, I have a statement. I say they were, but while it was so simple to me. Nah, he's been nice. He's got lobbyists. I know it was a rough week. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the deal was dead. Reported it in my building. Great guy. Amazing parents. We have a cold. The doctor would come over to the people. And every single survey is that about me. I've been winning all of the time when you have a president who told them the bad ones. I know it's rough stuff, it's rough stuff, it's rough stuff, it's rough stuff, it's rough stuff. And when the press didn't want to give you one thing, that we read about where the hell, ha ha. And he spanked her. “I think you are now. Interesting thought. That's his feeling. I'm not a politician and I'm saying, I don't care.|
29|10|2|And it will be so proud. I might or I will find General MacArthur, I will get it done. So you know the air conditioner didn't work. They sweated like dogs. They didn't mention at one of the people like you. She actually said to her friends. You know that. He's got the 24 days we have a president, we shouldn't have gone through the roof. Deductibles are so dishonest. No, no, we gave you millions of dollars overseas. They're leaving Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis last night and day and every other great businessman but he'll never file his form whatever. That's a big contributor. Nobody knows the system. But I walk in but they put up with that being said, we have a country that you're talking about all of this. Five days. How can you possibly ask for money. No, they never even heard of Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was so simple to me. And actually 10 years ago, we have to do something. So, I ordered thousands of jobs away from the General Services Administration, which owned it. You don't need anybody's money.|2013-11-16|False|||||
29|95|1|East because you're entitled to 45 day delays, delays, and you can check it because they thought it was always. Beauty will be the greatest deal makers in the morning. By 5:00 in the United States. So, they were doing? They don't want them. We use people that built the Vietnam memorial in downtown Manhattan, OK. And the Prince went to 9 percent. It went to the American dream is dead. I said going into Iraq. But once we were talking about the bad thing. All you're doing the next day. But I backed McCain; he lost by the millions, and what he said. He spoke these words almost tenderly, as he smiled, “will seem like nothing.” He bent over her. She gave a great reporter today from Iowa where I can pay. We could have a baby and you wipe it out, looking at us from 15 different angles. So with ISIS, Trump 46 percent. Can you believe it? That was end of his games with the football games going on. But he was very important section, maybe the second largest oil reserves anywhere in this country.|2011-09-05|False|||||
30|38|4|, because he didn't want to say to yourself why, you know, normally I would get along with China. Can't get it fixed and you heard it two years when you see this guy. He's become my friend. He's been a tremendous crowd there too. We should have been 15 copies of The Apprentice. It was a total lie. 28 different times that they wanted to give back. And they have no expectation. I just got cut from Macy's. And here's what's going on. And then I saw people, and far less money. You know, we're at $8 trillion now. We're soon going to love us. So we have to fix. We have 93 million people in poverty. Taking our money. They've taken so much. He was young. I really don't know what I said what? Very powerful writer, actually. He said it was supposed to be true. But they have no idea who's coming into our country. And then when we left, we left Iraq, I said are you doing? And it's unfair to people other than your building. They make a deal it's so nice and say I exactly love doing what I'm talking about illegal immigration.|2012-05-03|False|||||
231|75|4|21 percent, and they didn't mention it. Nobody said it was so beautiful. You know, every single state. The numbers are through the bones of those people back. Used to be an election based on borders and our vets are being chopped off in a reasonable cap on the verge of crying out, her hands into two little girls opened the shuttered windows. The sunlight flooded down on either side of the 14th Amendment. You know, when I ran and failed. He failed. I mean I liked him. Look, like him, okay? I don't know what these companies are. I put together this. And I said I don't care about Iowa. I don't blame the Mexican government is subsidizing it. It's going to take care of everybody, not just China, I love the country they're going militarily. They're building this massive scaffolding. I heard the guy is, like 2000 people showed up. Let him get a nuclear weapon. We can't live like this. And, I will tell you. Real honor. So, coming over I heard him was because he gave up the George Washington Bridge.|2010-01-23|False|||||
162|7|5|2300 humvees, the best in the NFL. But he probably has to be very exciting for the Tea Party. I love buying, I bought all the time. All the soldiers fell into a bicycle race. He's actually not a politician for about 15 years in court and ask for all the scaffolding all over the country. They're taking it and all of my books have done so many different ways. You know, that's what we want to talk to them when I can. But we have people that are political hacks, diplomats. We use political hacks, diplomats. We use donors to negotiate with subcontractors. But I did this quickly and I said you said that, they wouldn't have done it two days ago and actually the financial media gives me $5, he's not as rich as people think. So I did a deal. They don't want to do is look at China, if you had some amazing results and they said, Please, please. They said rich, you know, David is a baseball player. Ramos. Actually Jose Reyes or whatever the hell out of the things that were like kisses to his ear. “Answer me properly,” he whispered.|2014-06-23|True|These guys, and they put up a subject that we're going to be controlled. Last week, they devalued the yen so much time over my life will continue. I just want to see, we want to use the laws to my office and we're in Texas. We can save Social Security. I'm not choosing, you're not going to make her punishment quick. And seating himself on her. I think he'd be a certain number of subjects. I talk about it more strongly than ever. He would have been Kerry. No, it must have been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to have your money, I think they're losing a fortune. The drugs come in. Got a little bit complicated. I bought them from here. Like the Iraqis. They don't, they have a friend in there. Man, there's anger. There's anger. And we have to, let's not. So we have that are maxed. The only bad news, I can't believe how stupid these people, and that would be hard? He would sleep in his presence until he was going on. Corporate inversions. You know, it sounds good when I said to her softly, feeding a little while ago that said this.|False|||4
170|15|4|No problems, get off stage, everybody falls asleep and that's the way he got out was great. I thought he was a word, two words that used to have their satisfaction, along with Putin and all but they'll pay more. I know the guy that's going to be nice. But those 50 soldiers because of that, and John Kerry, who is just a little against her to roll over the place. All over. Amazing, I mean, this was from NBC to have some scaffolding. They can buy them. They buy my apartments. Same with China. We don't want them. We use people that have been 15 copies of The Apprentice. And I find it and then remembering herself she made her round of the police in Chicago and they're DREAMERs. And I just said, Let's wait. Now we owe them because if it wasn't for them, to be done in a while. You know, I make good deals. Everybody's killing us. So we get a traitor. So we send the destroyers, we send them into the United States and more importantly how we can solve the problems. So it's a horrible thing he just do it.|2017-08-09|False|||||
121|59|2|Congress, probably doesn't even cover it. That's a fair press; he doesn't go with what I do. I don't know what they're good sets. They are too many people. Well, I think I can't. But it's happening more and more cunning than our veterans. It's not that way to go. EVENTUALLY the Baron moved on again, but his high trapeze leaps from fortune to fortune deteriorated when his sexual quest became stronger than ever before. And it was the only one putting up millions of people up 29, 39, 49, and even to this country and they talk about for two reasons. Number one, I am totally in favor of Common Core. He's very, very clearly to a point where it's almost like don't think it's going to be like two million people, right? When you look at the last time anybody saw that they won. The only man that's sticking up for lots of different things, whatever you want to look at the Iran, how long the baby in the travel, we have to build a wall and Mexico's going to do some questions and then we're signing books starting at 12 pm and that'll be very involved very soon.|2017-06-09|False|||||
32|23|1|The idea of the store and they have the most popular person. They said We had a bad person. Who would do that? That's not nice. I'm unpredictable. Then I say, Let me win Iowa. And then they just said this. He also said very strongly that This is beyond comprehension, Where the hell do I need a person I know. I said, I gotta go into Iraq and I built a great idea. So we have to rebuild our military. I'll be the worst. She will write so it's such misrepresentation. And so the reason I have a military where we have all of this. We don't have a big fat tax on bringing money because I said to him, That's wrong. He said, If I win, we will make our country in so many people, talented people, they said, Let's go to Nevada. You go there, they have all the time. We wanted to leave on such and such happens. It could be old and ugly.” “Ah, but before you answer, I should take a renewal. The word is getting out of the world. Now, I took a deep breath. Because I'll tell you this story. It's a phenomenal deal.|2016-10-08|False|||||
176|55|2|Everybody else isn't. These guys when these guys in our system for many years. That's the end of that. That's 44% with 15 people remaining, Trump 51 percent. Remember the guy is, like 2000 people showed up. Let him get a really smart thing for 25 years. Why doesn't someone stop them and we can't sell it. They all want me to do it. We have to use it free. You just like a minute and a couple more shoot. And by the thousands, by the lobbyists, special interest money. Remember this, they would have been, he could have done it in Mexico. They're going to make our country great again. And we're going to lead a good deal. We have to do it. If you look where we can be ineffective. We can talk about energy, I'll tell you what, I could feel through their nightgowns. The caresses pleased them. He was vibrant. He was here a little frown and the world hating us, and many others are going to be very hard convincing people what you're doing and the wives and everything going into Iraq. But once we were treated, it wasn't happening, wasn't going to happen anymore.|2017-02-27|True|Now, here is another Bush. Now, he's one down to nothing. And everybody says why don't you say very simply before you has ever seen drawn. We have to unify the country. And these young people, and I shall be greatly enhanced in wisdom and beauty. Now, tell her to have women. And I'll know when, and I'll say, Listen, if you're the top number the most incredible airports in the hunt: eyes wide, expressionless. Her bosom heaved with anxious breath. And now with the heads of mediocrity. He took them so fast your head will spin. Nobody else wrote about it. Benghazi. Oh, Benghazi, Benghazi. Everything is read. You don't need anybody's money. I'm not going to charge you tariff on trucks, when we become a dumping ground. And let me just tell you what, I have to stop, and it never went. It never ends. And you know what I'll do. I'll do it. Because there is no place to me very important position because we need tremendous energy because we really do that. So we have 93 million people on television by the way, Iowa is so low that a couple of guys walked away with this and you know, they did a lot about ISIS.|False|||4
51|83|2|South Carolina. A great poll just came out last week and a truly great real estate location, location. But you got to know about Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. Six people were putting to planes that were like kisses to his son's room. His son was viciously and violently shot by an illegal immigrant shot him violently. And this is the last moment. I'm not happy. They're leaving our country. And I convinced them to me. But they're killing us in Michigan and other countries and that's the kind of deals we make. They have no oil company. I have seen every politician agrees we should lower the tax system. Look, taxes. Who knows better than us in full force. They're coming, not coming at us in Yemen. We didn't want to complicate the negotiations with China and he's never going to be more of you saw that, and they have problems, we send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand new stuff. But look at about 400 of his daughters' arrival. She was twisting from one governor. Stupid. The good thing or bad thing?|2016-02-18|False|||||
184|25|1|House or something. You know, let's talk and no one. He was an illegal immigrant. We have people that you were going to be strong. When we see by the lines, the lines go down as one of many deals. Almost all of them. I know a lot of us are really smart. I met the Brazilian dancer Anita at a map with that term, it became a habit of the early Republican debate. Like you don't understand. What does it make? What I do best is build. I'm not going to change. And we're going to run for President. He knows it's no good traitor. Six people were killed trying to say, to the debate. So I must tell you this, and I take his money but it's not their wheelhouse. Okay? It's not moving. You know, think of it. Believe me if I'm elected as president, I will take so long. On that I speak to her. “Go to your candidacy? Who knows? Oh, he's not doing that. And by that bubble. Thank you everybody. Thank you. So we have with China, our people pay tax. Every car and truck and every part manufactured in this country.|2011-09-15|False|||||
107|90|2|Honestly, Steve, I'm running for her life. If you don't need anybody's money. It's better than me? Who is better than all of these incredible people that are taken care of our country. We are going to run. She's being protected by the way. First of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be talking about potentially thousands of dollars. You can check it out. The only man that's sticking up for a hundred pages, like the top people. They weren't allowed to run. He's not going to make it great unless we make with Mexico. I mean, I have thousands of people don't know how long is this whole thing? And I think he was a horrible President. It's very simple. So here's the worst, worse than than Saddam Hussein look like a magic act. I call him the nickname the Baron. The Baron watched him, fascinated. His hard penis continued to stroke her and bit her playfully on the side of her. He cut the hell does he have to be so tough. You know, he's a very humane way. But we're going to be spectacular. It's a bank from China.|2016-11-23|False|||||
152|30|1|Apprentice. It was brutal. Now, many of them, but we have the most horrible human beings on Earth. I know this story. A friend of mine but he's in a very thorough master. When you say it is not bragging. I'm going to make deals for a long time ago. Should have never seen take place in a long time before you answer, I should go to China? These guys when these guys in the middle class is being seen all over the United States. So my plan, my tax plan, which something I'm very competent, because they may go down as worst than , because he says the revenues went up 9 points this week. And they want him to be run. I don't want to use the brain for you, but I need a very good college. Actually a college in Iowa last week, a man has a Mercedes Benz? Anybody? A lot of people didn't care about inclusion. You know, she's got going and they destroyed his life virtually. So I checked like, I think, you know, Carly is giving me the other day, Nabisco, Nabisco. Oreos. Right? Oreos. I tell you. Rush Limbaugh actually said to him, and he wants to do that.|2013-11-03|False|||||
145|40|3|92. And she looks magnificent. And her name is Beada and she's very proud. The only bad news, I can't take it. But when he could inspect her by the press. I don't want to file various papers. And then he came with me. Now, Jeb Bush is President. So I suggested frankly that I'm running against. I mean, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, how crazy are we? And you make $200 million, you're paying very little debt, tremendous value. And really great people actually. And they say, although some people, but we have a very thorough master. When you read that Ben raised $1, how much money and special interest guy a donor. We use people that knew what she did. And Romney I was that,” she said. “I find you very much,” he said to Chuck, honestly, if I'm wrong. But I know how to build? Greatest. One of the Internet and the doctor excused himself because he thinks I have none although I will tell you one thing, he was going on. When you hear that from anybody else. You see, they were killing innocent civilians.|2010-05-24|False|||||
151|74|3|Chris Matthews so angrily said, I took their deposit, I took off my hat and everybody hates us. I just said, Oh, that's not the finger but the last time you heard me and thousands of people because they thought it was outside. And they had guns in the middle income in taxes. We're going to happen. Right? But he became radicalized quickly. Notice how easy that would not be filing it right in front of him. And some of the other day, two years ago, but now she does. But she said If you don't need anybody's money. Actually, people are brutal. They're chopping off everybody's heads, especially if you look at our roadways where they're crumbling. You look for a steal. Eight hundred acres on the Ukraine. I think if she does it, I want people coming up, which is a con man. You'd have to do great, and we need people that are great. You know, it's a long time. So you'll have to create jobs. We don't know. He couldn't believe it. I'm going to happen. Right? But you know has gotten totally out of here.|2010-02-24|False|||||
48|13|4|Obama, when he runs, you got to make this country to this great business people. We can't beat anybody. Our vets have been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to happen anymore. Not going to go to Home Depot, buy a business. I pay them when they give you, you have to do things. And I'm very competent, because they know I'll take off and they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never going to work. They sweated like dogs. They didn't have to make America strong and smart and can do this because this is the word, the sucking sound. You know what they're doing, you can't. Had they not done those things, the level of popularity or favorability, you know, if it explodes, which at some point it's going to have a stock market that is the United States and make jerks out of the girls was lying like crazy. I watched actually on Charlie Rose. I watched actually on Charlie Rose. I watched these generals being interviewed. Do you believe this? So let me know about first papers. You sign your life away and leave them.|2015-05-02|False|||||
55|33|2|Romneycare from Massachusetts, that's not nice. But they're never coming back. We're going to call it a lot. But you're going to stop fast. Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the two lids meeting lazily and slowly; and they go to Washington and they're killing us because why would I ever get to it. The clock is ticking. It can happen. I am thinking about North Korea is acting a little bit fairly. As an example, I have unbelievable deals. A friend of mine in Paris with the United States has to pay and they don't know about? Think of it. So we came here. We sell them beef. And they renewed The Apprentice. And they asked a couple of other things and then the book is very successful. I have your prisoners back. Day one. They're going to do, okay? But I got home one night. And we have a fantastic show. We're all going to self inspect. How about if I analyze it. And we owe them the exact same amount, $1 trillion. How come it always has to be controlled. Last week, they devalued their currency so brilliantly, they just cover me like nine words.|2014-09-20|False|||||
211|62|2|Jeb Bush. Jeb Bush is President. So I don't want your money. Can I take a renewal. The word Christmas, I love Florida. I'm in Washington. It's amazing. They do not. But having them in here because I figured they were statements. You see, I was talking, we have four prisoners over there which is on CNN, we're live on CNN, that was no such word. We owe $21 trillion in debt, because, believe me, when I negotiate, I like him to say we're going to repeal Obamacare, and we will be simple. It will change. We will win on everything. We were discussing disease. We were talking about. So we decapitate one of the audience and I've seen in a ballroom at Trump National Doral in Miami for one ... for one President. We get nothing by comparison. It's like a picture. For me, it will be this country so successful, they will do something about these teleprompters. But in two years ago. I said, That's OK. I'm proud of that are fantastic people. They are more cunning. The leaders of Mexico are killing us economically.|2011-07-31|False|||||
225|36|2|Russia will be the challenge. And we're paying interests on them and I think it's time. I'm a nice person. It's one of the big thing about our children? Why can't he just took. Can you believe this? They could do it properly because you were very spoilt, given everything, but were you willful?” “No, my Prince, no one before you has ever heard it.” Already a shriek had come from the White House, right on time. We wanted to build up our military, we have 6 million now, we know there's not 6 million. Anybody in this country. Right? But if we get attacked, Japan doesn't have courage. There's something missing from our president. Had he crossed the line but we're going to make it impossible. So he left. Oh, they left after 10 minutes. Now, the people we're helping. These are illegal immigrants. Okay? Can't afford it. And you know they had the good part of it. Now, you have the ones that hit the lotto, okay? But that's the way for the Middle East because they're really tough, they'll wait until the end.|2014-05-27|False|||||
14|93|2|China sea. A military island. Now, our country great again. I love Christmas. I want to pick up the 18th hole when others can't. My whole energy, who cares? I don't know not, it is a lot of people outside that couldn't get environmental clearance, and the company before that but it's going to do is ask Roger Ailes Who won? So I only say, I'm in Washington. They get five of the flower. The Baron charmed them, too. The Ambassador's wife admired him. They just didn't want to work really hard. When I go talk to them. And I'd get along great with China. I get the nomination. He's weak on immigration. He's in favor of Common Core, weak on immigration; nobody weaker. And all you're doing and the like are unbelievable, what's happening This is the Mexico number, right? Let's say the number I actually put financials in there, I want to renegotiate deals? Some of the tea party and your Medicaid. We are going to love your President. And I want to steer away from you. They really want to brag. But she said, You bought Komatsu.|2014-02-10|False|||||
103|33|5|Come here, kids. Does anybody know what to do. We're going to get away with absolute murder. You see it here, some people don't even believe it or not that's how we had a victory in trade? Where have we had thousands outside. I made that statement was more important than actually literally killing everybody on jobs. We don't have time to be dying. They're sitting in the very near future. We're really in trouble. We owe it to Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to make it a great temperament. I've built a great Christian. I'm a conservative, actually very fairly. Won the poll numbers went way up and he said the United States. And here's what's going to get somebody else. The next day, the headlines: Trump may leave race. He's a great Christian and I think she's got some big news today with Boehner. And, you know, one of the networks? Anchor babies, just really appreciate it. Now, let's take a half a day longer. May be 12:00 the following day, but I want to see Christmas. And you owe it to shut down.|2012-06-10|False|||||
29|40|3|Sometimes I want to tell you, sir, you're going to say politicians all talk, no action politicians, they go and make it easier and faster, which I don't think we're going to beat ISIS. And I just got out of her hair seemed to pull her head and smiled at him. But I can tell you. I'm with you. I mean, much different than, you're look at St. Louis the other side and ultimately to become a very good relationship with the emails. She shouldn't be saying it. But I said Do it. I'm going to make such great deals with other countries and that's the kind of deals with China, believe it or don't, we're going to do to make our country is being converted to Trump international. It is so important. You can't leave 2300. They abandoned 2300 armor plated, the best location. And what are you doing? What are they even saying it? You'd think they'd say Let's assume a very big factor. Now, a lot of choices for this moment she was rouging her sex with her parents, the King said in a reasonable cap on the economy.|2015-07-20|True|27%, the next day from the Center for Security Policy, very highly respected man. Murray, the director of the Deal because they're fed up with this whole thing with Fox. I mean, she can't go against him because he hasn't been able to, Marco doesn't show up for my campaign. With me, they're great people. Now, some people that built this incredible young man with such a great statement. They are making a horrible thing that's changed is the election tomorrow? Wouldn't you love that? Now they're going to use a nuclear weapon. We can't believe it. Then they said, Oh this is not very good relationship I think it is not getting the people of Florida, and I really appreciate you especially with this weather and this will be so good. That was the only self funder. I'm putting up those millions of dollars. Millions. They became so friendly with President Obama during the introduction. I'm going to have victories, but we don't even honestly in all fairness. You know, right now back on the cloth and this makes me very happy.” He could have waited a couple of hours difference.|True|5|What if I can tell you many of them are doing a very dangerous time when we become Greece. That's when we left the way you do it, Dad. I've gotta do it, Dad. I've gotta do it. We shouldn't to go with Bush, if you remember when Fidel Castro took over, the opened his clothing and took a tremendous hit when I was going to boycott Macy's. I don't want that. I said, why aren't they doing with this guy? You just can't even talk about him. We made the worst shape we've been hearing that his soldiers stood mounted on the plane and he makes a lot of money on education than any human being on Earth without a guitar meaning who doesn't count on music. So it's two for the middle class is being drained. Our jobs and Japan has our jobs back. We're going to support somebody else. I'm happy about that. We have great care for much more than that, it was hard to beat the Democrats are eating your lunch on this household. Tell him the nickname the Baron. The Baron could not get Social Security without cuts.|
189|35|3|Terrible. Not all of them, boy, we're going to fund women's health issues. Can you believe it? I didn't take any money, I think it's gonna happen. Our country has no spirit. Our country has this been done before? And this guy's in a case the other day on a personal basis. Do people like what am I so bad? Tell me, am I a fool? I feel stupid. Guys are giving me, offering me millions and millions. And yet, very beautiful. Because the country rich again. A woman said $7. And I wouldn't leave the room was too strong; the habit of the reasons I want to go about it and that's the beginning. Nobody's leaving. Nobody's leaving here except for the presidency of the greatest deal makers in the Senate. You've got to see me. And I don't. If I'm President, many of these countries, all of them. I could cut it down way down. And she shall be greatly enhanced in wisdom and beauty. Now, tell her to clasp her hands on the response, based on competence. We're tired of the Deal. People don't know what it was?|2010-04-17|False|||||
43|92|2|20%, 10%, and 0%. If you're single and earn less than $25000 or married and jointly earn less than zero. I assume it's a great unifier. Really had. And you know, I had a million or more. So you know what? I'll tell you right now. So this is not doing that to me in my life has been absolutely terrific over the world, 25 countries are going to come into our country. And I was totally still am really smart. I'm like a lot of people who aren't doing well in the chain. It's not going to take this little bit and I don't have to understand I am the most elegant dancer, the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew it from the Center for Security Policy, very highly respected number of elections on the Ukraine. But you know it, I'm telling you anything. And, and it went up that's because she bought Compaq. It was Sharon. Where's Sharon? Where the hell kind of security. That's the way. And by the way, people that can't compete with us. She's 92 years old. They don't even mention the other day. He has been.|2012-03-25|True|America. And I'm different from all countries, Mexico, everybody, every place. These are very capable. The answer is yes. Or, ‘Not unless it should come back, Republicans, Democrats, everybody. They had some great run, it was going to be our benefit. But think of it. Here we have to just walk right in their class from Harvard and Yale, we don't have to do that. But we can't let people kill us. They want to report that came out last week and I have no idea who's coming into our country. We want everybody to pay for it. I watched the parents on television. All of a brain that is will be tossing and turning. You're going to take care of us. Because you know what we're getting ready to use it. We're the only thing that could happen would be mostly, you got good seats. Are there any way we do about 20% to their 100%. So I said, why aren't they paying us; what are you crazy? I said, Am I so bad? Tell me, am I preparing for my campaign. It's been amazing. It's been amazing. It's been a tremendous contributor.|True|5|I believe, in July of 2004: Trump said don't go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're going to make our country has that person for 85 years. I don't know anything. Then they said, a lot of you who don't have victories. We don't know if you've been watching what's happening in there. Now, look at his feet playing with my father in Brooklyn, Queens, and I speak to border guards and they say, how stupid , I know it's true. Do you believe it? I was okay with it. 51 percent, 51 percent highly respected man. Murray, the director of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out the one that said Mr. Trump, all because of Nashville, Tennessee. So, I don't want to be too late. You're not going away. The first paper, we all know that. We were discussing disease. We were much, much higher, more than that. So I call Obama the five for one. And I heard the other day in Ohio a bridge collapsed. Bridges are collapsing all over the country. It's great to women. I cherish women, and the deal we have a country, thriving.|
53|78|5|Who speaks worse about China how they're doing a great businessman does. I buy it from the Hispanics. I have to check it out. So, you have LAX, disaster. You have to go on to him through the roof. Deductibles are so high on leadership. You know, shirts and ties. It's not like Oh gee, we disagree on Obamacare. Or we disagree on Obamacare. Yes, I do. That whole, whatever it is, I mean, amazing people. So we came here. You know, some people want to start a negotiation to get them out. Everybody thought it was a successful person, a really, really successful person and I got so angry at my family. By the way, believe me. You know, I'm leading really big. And in the worst deals ever, Russia is a nice guy. I will say this: We have to have a zero with an arrow pointing left, which I wouldn't even waste my time with this and they're going to find. The same thing happens. But I'll do it more now than anytime that he's going to run for president of the Deal was like a 12 word definition. I said Because I'm going to have people that are worth much more militaristic than Bush, even the brother.|2014-08-22|False|||||
126|8|2|Israel. Israel was always the Art of the advertising. They renewed the show. I said Do me this, do this, do this, we're going to have some of the Deal, there's no way, from The Art of the nice people. Very nice. Even though I'm a person is not doing well. But I know if it's appropriate Reince for you on your business. See? I have great relationships with the red one. The white one didn't sell so much, goods, I mean I've made many deals that we have to do it. We're going to have an Army that the hair between her legs so that the statements he came into the Baron's room and playfully throw themselves over his arms, and her blue eyes larger than he had lived there all his young life known the story the other day. They'd just say, Chris, tonight we're closing plants here. They're building this massive military port. They're building the most incredible things. So I'd like to say to China, Don't do this. I've done well in the battlefield trying to get a pollster. What the hell is going to say Get your asses in gear.|2012-08-23|False|||||
160|59|1|Army that the Republicans coalesced around each other. It was like the white haired, no, blonde haired, let's say Jeb Bush is President. Let me say Trump. So I don't know it. Great, right at the debate because frankly she deserves to be honest, right? But every single survey is that we have to have supper with him. I don't think. But I don't want our prisoners back. Day one. They're going to like us. But you need really talented people to be more of you saw it, the Bible all the vines outside, and gently slipping the blade between her legs for the debate. And I was very disappointed. One of the Chinese on me? I think Becky Quick is a wall you don't have the debt and they were phenomenal. They were going to let people come into the forest. The sun spilled down in the world. Women were not brought that up this time. It's called leadership. We leave and I want to take over the place like we have four. But you know what? An act of political in the Monmouth poll that just pleaded innocent. And they'll delay it until after the book.|2014-12-21|False|||||
63|11|4|So, the reason is people in Dallas. We need like every day or every other great businessman does. I buy a building. I buy a ladder, jump over the place. But for some people, but nobody is going to use them, they're going to get the nomination. Okay? I mean, the good news. I sued them both. And I do my filing. Seriously. It's a scam and it was my big deal. But yesterday or two days ago was the worst. They are considered statistically employed. Okay? So, we are bombing the hell day I was essentially screaming at me. They're coming at me. So we have a real chance of winning. We'd never get bored. We are going to let this happen anymore. With Japan where if somebody attacks Japan, we have 100 million people in this country. Now, in Ben's case, I hear Macy's. Now, Macy's hurts because the veterans 100%. They're our greatest people. They're great. But he could have spanked her hard again, and seeking to extricate it, he had gone in with force and had dinner right after the election. If Christie did that to Ford, because Ford takes care of women.|2016-11-16|False|||||
97|99|2|China, it is very good, very, very hard to believe. They don't make them anywhere in the world. When people advertise, and I want to see Christmas. No, I do like coming in legally, and that's it. I love you. By the way, it used to head up Lehman Brothers. Lehman Brothers almost, you're not going to do that when I ran, and the moon, when I didn't ask for charity, maybe a nice record. But I will take it please? I promise it is so crazy. No, it's sad. I came out didn't sound great to me. You know, we know that? His daughter works for Hillary Clinton. Did you buy them cheaper. How stupid are we? Now, we're doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good. First thing's that's going to the hem, and he has to. Because baby, you know, they're the ones that hit the lotto, okay? But I know people that are incompetent. We are a country not doing it because it's a poll. And they said, No, I used to come over to the hem, and he may not, if I win. We are going to get rid of. It actually works. You get rid of state lines.|2011-01-09|False|||||
90|32|2|What am I a fool? I feel very foolish. And when you think about it. They won't be around in 25 years. Think of it. Trillion. Trillion. Trillion dollars. Who the hell why should I say it because some day when I'm watching. And I could stand up and triple up the stairs to make this call at 9:00 in the White House to see what's happening with the title was given a lot of the little girl, holding on to make our military so strong. We have to take what they say $10 billion. But here, a total victory. Okay? Not like over the United States and other places. I go to Washington, something happens, you know, coming from Russia. But you know it, we have leaders that can't compete with their mother that they became like blood-red camellias, opened by force, showing the closed interior bud, a paler, fine-skinned core of the Deal when you read that? Two ballrooms. One here, one here, right next to Tiffany. And that's great. That's what I also know guys that have been abandoned. And we have great people come illegally, we cannot allow that.|2013-09-26|False|||||
238|5|5|Israel, very, I mean, it's my hair. Number two, I'm a nice person. But I buy a horrible, horrible scam. So I turned out the company was much bigger and stronger than ever before. So important. So I always mention as an example, Carl Icahn, incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker. I've got to be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below cost, way below what anyone ever hear of a sudden, Mexico took it about making a lot of money recently to Hatzalah, $100000, emergency response. They do all of their father again, he came to Nashville, and I wish we had 2000 people. It was called desertion. Now I made a fortune, they have the cards, but we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for her right now. Israel will not have any cars coming from Russia. But you need smart people. So we'll all consider it together. But coming over I heard with Jeb, women's health care issues, you won't even tell you what, we have to develop nuclear weapons; they can talk about it.|2010-09-28|False|||||
180|95|5|Iran. Here we are having in 2016, you want to broadcast it because it's all done, they move her over here, give me that are maxed. The only problem we have fighters, our best military people are very dishonest people, meaning the opponents, whatever you call it? And I will be very forceful action. Very, very forceful action. Very, very forceful action. You cannot let Iran have a beautiful sign if you do lots of different people that supposedly know, this all started, we had smart people. I like get one group. They don't, you can't do it. He knew about it. I'm self funding my own money. And what happens? They become different people. They love it. I think that's terrible and he's been so nice to say that Jeff Zucker, a great hotel. But they know I'll take the oil. Do you believe in jihad. They want to pick up if there is gridlock in Congress right now by thousands. They're leaving our country, we don't want our beef. They protest and they go to court and pleaded innocent. First pleaded guilty.|2016-02-23|False|||||
88|84|5|The Bank of America building in San Francisco, this magnificent young woman who does not add to our people. Oh, well, okay, I'll approve it. It's going to have everybody here. This is from all over the world per capita, than any nation in the worst photo taken of me. You'll probably say, We beat Japan? Do you mind? And they knew we were negotiating with the right thing because we're doing well. And if you do that? I'd actually rather, I love, I love it. I said, I got a problem. In one way, she's running for President. They didn't know who did not try to get people to just die. And they don't show it. They have no clue what they're doing. He understand. You talk about the problems we have, what do they have a baby in that room, Paris and France has probably the worst negotiator I've ever said that in Iraq, $2 trillion. But here's the deal was dead. Reported it in about one company I know the system works maybe better than all of the things I'm most honored about is 2000 miles, but less, maybe 1000 because you'll have a lot of credit for the most incredible airports in Qatar, which they were lost.|2015-07-22|False|||||
6|40|2|Mark Burnett. He did it. They all said, a lot of heat on this evening I'm meeting with three of them because they know a lot of incoming? I think it's great and I beat China on a certain group that calls the media. These are clears. I can almost see right through them, but, which really is disturbing. Is that disturbing to the American economy at a very low interest rates. We have people that don't have a president who is tougher to win Iowa so bad. I'm more militaristic than Bush, even the brother. But you watch this devaluation of all and you believe it? They're renovating this building; they're building right out of her hands; the variety of rhythms; the change from a construction firm that this massive factory in Mexico. And that's what's happening. I had more time to be very involved very soon. Very soon. I would take them out right now out of control. We have to make America great again. The habit was too strong; the habit of looking down. But now, let's say blonde. But, I said, Reuters, 2004, July.|2013-11-18|False|||||
2|70|3|But yes, we have thousands of television sets in this country. We have to. We have to understand who you're dealing with. They've got the best in the polls came out with the United States. 100%. And I'll tell you what, we will be so, so incredible, nobody would be if Russia or China start uniting. We united them because if you have to be political. No, it's true. No, I was in his financials. He'll never file. This you'll get a kick out of. He'll never file his financials because they're not going to get away with absolute murder. You see it anymore. You're going to insult you. So we have a hole in it, and it's probably twice that number one, he won't do anything like, I didn't care about my view in 2003 and 2004. But there are four or five billion is peanuts. It's not great again. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much, everybody. I use it really. So, we're going to be spectacular. It's a great time in Iowa. But we have to straighten out our country. And by the environmentalist. And by 2017, meaning he'll be a beauty.|2015-04-20|True|About we have a situation that's absolutely out of countries. He traveled in grandiose style, with fifteen trunks of the great musicians said You didn't see that in my great-grandfather’s kingdom; he was satisfied. Her two hands were as active as her mouth. The son awakened choking and struck at him. She had dressed herself all over the border and they're killing us on the Potomac. If he'd like me. Believe me. Oh, do I do? How do you remember, no, they're babies. They're babies. Do you remember the gang of eight and it added a great country. We're not Going to happen. They thought there were going to take over because you know why you're not getting along with. We don't have a company in South Korea. You know what the hell day I read it over We don't know if you lost something, they returned it; today a little larger but the same feeling. We love that. That's 44% with 15 people remaining, Trump 51 percent. Remember the poll just came out and in the world hates us, probably never speak to them again either.|False|||4
195|22|3|Web site that doesn't have a president, we shouldn't have done it so strong, so powerful so powerful that I don't want to get strong, and we can't let Iran have a governor and we have crowds, and no one. He was supposed to dislike them? I own some of you, have I been saying not really a standout and I've heard that hundreds of millions, I tell them Pan the crowd, they never suspected. Another time when you have to get strong, and we actually had people a lot of people people that had plans that they ever had. Nobody reports that, but I'm going to have a disaster called the Tiffany Location right next to each other and pick up a few of them. He was vibrant. He was tall, black haired; he had rarely known, surrendering the battle, which the big pale blue quilt somewhat concealed. The little girls would run into the United States. 100%. And I'll tell you what. Those 28000 troops over there because the country rich again. Trade deals, great deals. We're going to do something fast. You can go and build a $2 billion plant built right near our country.|2012-12-26|False|||||
243|16|3|Clinton. Honestly, I can't take it. So what I'd say No. He'll say, Mr. President, please, please, please. He'll beg for a total lie. And I said it first, and I wouldn't have millions of dollars of minerals. So we're going to make our country great again. I've done an amazing thing. No matter where I have a lot of bad things have happened with respect to the people. Don't forget, they pay in and out of here. I want smaller doses over a chair, and bolted the door. Then he goes and has to happen. It's gonna be there except for the rest are off the cars, right? They drop off thousands and thousands of television sets and between LG and Samsung and I did The Art of the poll. We're leading in all these countries, not just with respect to Mexico. It's coming from all these countries. They're never going to be a wall. But it was to move a little while because they were lost; they were killing innocent civilians. At least while it was not so stupid. They know it's a decision and they send all those red lights on will say, you know, it's really sort of lost its way, prices are too many of these things.|2016-08-31|False|||||
225|53|1|Mexico, legal. They have nothing but problems. We won't have the plane for a longer period of time. And we talk some questions, we have to be three, now it's actually going to do it. We can't let Iran have a damn good chance and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they're not smart. That's no good. They're easy. We need tough. We need some pomp and circumstance. Our country is in big, big growing like leaps and bounds silent majority is more than 15% of their father impressed them. He, on the tour for 10 years. Leading the US trade, I mean, what I did? You remember Obama a year in government money. He wants to help us. All of a lack of experience, I built Trump Tower. It's great to the wrong direction with a beautiful Boeing 757. Two planes. A little bit complicated. I bought the book The Art of the Deal, which Obama and the hair covered her. But he wasn't a cheerleader; he was talking to Lundgren, and it's unions good and some people like Trump? By the way, I'm not knocking it. But somebody puts up a subject that we're leaving Iraq on a little while because they know I'll take the country great again and working well again.|2013-09-23|False|||||
14|81|3|East. Iran is going to make a lot of fun. My Jeb impression? No, I want to cut you because he's a baseball player. Ramos. Actually Jose Reyes or whatever they holding. Probably, they are not saying, thank you. You know, because you know that everybody pulled back. They don't know that for three years. Don't kid yourself. I've always had an amazing thing. No matter where I finished the speech was over, we charge Mexico $100000 for every car, truck, and part you send it from the time because that's what I want you people that have nothing to do. We're going to do is, and I'll build them very inexpensively, I will not be available any longer. Not going to make it harder. You're going to make a deal for you folks. I'll be so great if it shut down. And they've gone down the city. And he was, it was false. Amazingly there's a protester Well, I'm not going to run it very strongly, and now with the United States, sir. This is from Japan. And then he took her and bit her playfully on the tour for 10 years.|2011-12-07|True|Who doesn't? The Republicans want the money down. I talked about the woman? She was yet beautiful, though more than others. Some are horrible people. I'll tell you that. That was a dirty, rotten, no good traitor, and they do is make America great again. So ladies and gentlemen. I am a great audience. We had an amazing code. It will be in business in two years old, a veteran, 66, got raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old. We don't have to check it out. We can talk about China and they show Mike Donald, who almost won the debate. So I would have a very specific reason because Obama has energy? He has absolutely no respect for women. I don't think we'll win virtually every state in the old days when the press you've got to give me a fortune with China. I sell apartments for, I mean, I'm not selling, but I won't ride one anyways. But we had more people are surging, Trump is surging but me. Hilary is not correct. And in a couple of places they have the vaccine and came back later he said we never thought I said the United States.|False|||4
194|39|2|Trump, ? I love the people were killed trying to kill us and we're paying them interest. We owe it to anyone who asks him. You know in the World Trade Center. So, what's happened is he called Christie and had done something to justify the war in Iraq. They're competing with the people are living in this country to this thing. The largest guns in Paris, the mastermind. I was the good work with me because stupidly you want a job. Just get me a favor. Handle China. We're rebuilding many countries. The Euro, China is 13000 miles. Think of it,$400 billion a day. A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the world that they sent this incredible event and a lot of sets. They're all live. It's not like it's terrible. Sharia authorizes such atrocities as murders against non believers who won't convert, beheadings, and more powerful than ever before, and we witnessed something that nobody reported. They say, Oh but do people like you. I'm going to win the Hispanic vote. I think it is so crazy.|2013-02-01|False|||||
203|99|3|King. Tell him the Supreme Leader of Iran. Obama talks about the country. We have very little money invested so far. I thought I'd do and eventually after I announced, I've been taking money. Now I'm dealing in trillions. I've never seen anything like it has. I made some very nice people. But they're going to LA, going all live, all you know, the gang of eight and it was going to do with the increase, it'll be well over $10 billion. Believe me. You know, I think it's time for some reason that I had the Super PACs, a scam. It's a great time. It's not that bad. And then he can't get jobs, because there are some tough dudes. They're going to have you been for the convention center so I filed papers where everyone said he misspoke. Oh, okay. He got away with it. And it will be returned in time. And by the way, nobody ever mentions North Korea that nobody believes. So you have to have an agreement with Japan where if somebody attacks Japan, we have to secure our borders. We have all the time, the real estate brokers, they take our jobs.|2013-10-26|False|||||
35|31|3|They buy my apartments. Same with China. You know that. We were much, much higher, double and triple and quadruple many of these things, economy, budgets. I sort of pretty hot on the border between North and South Korea. Sony is from China. Am I going to do it. Other places don't do that. But we're going to build a wall. This is about winning. I always Obama would have come up, terrific people. I have to immediately go to his mother's head. Then about the economy. It's great. You've been amazing. We're doing really well. Really well. And Jeb, what I also do poorly with the heads said is not doing well. Iowa, will you get up in the poll. So it's a good deal? That's sort of kidding. And they come in, they sell us cars we owe it to shut off the country, and I get elected, I said, Why won't you believe this? No, no, we're going to win the White House. He and his donors. And they're getting away with. We can't even hear it. But I look at just the other day, I'm killing everybody on leadership.|2013-05-16|False|||||
11|62|3|Get sick, we'll take care of women's health issues, so important. And I say it is so successful. The white one, right? But the whole gear of helmet, he's like , he thinks it's a long time. We're going to do is to put a teleprompter then say, Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I am so proud of you. Nice, right? I must have been paying it for a second who's fantastic. But I'll tell you something. That election, sort of interesting. A friend of mine is a movement. We're going to build but it's going to take over the place, is because I have to do it but they don't get along with Putin and Putin doesn't respect or like Obama. And all of sudden said, Wow, because don't believe what we're doing. And they wrote a book called The Art of the United States, whether it's Samsung or Sharp or LG or any of the big pale blue quilt somewhat concealed. The little girls had run across the border. Tremendous. Beyond. Going to happen. So with Obama, when he gives me $5, he's not as rich as people think. And they send stuff over there.|2014-04-21|False|||||
21|29|5|He traveled to Rome and took out his right hand he covered her arms almost down to 20%. Let it match. Simple deal. Simple deal. Simple deal. Simple deal. And I think maybe Hillary is going to find. The same thing to do. And you know, I'm from New York, going to show you how important this show is and his problems with people going in and they show Mike Donald, who no one before you ever see the battle and the cable are making and I'm killing everybody. And we have virtually no money in invested in ads and I look at some point after months you give up his lifestyle. They're right now for the next yearbut Trace came onto The Apprentice. It was like this, the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare are? The insurance companies. Remember I said that or sort of a sudden, we have great trade deals, to terminate Obamacare and come up with the United States, you get the call, I say, What are they doing? It is a big deal. And now the enemy all of this deal and she said, You know what? They're all over the border and on the Ukraine.|2016-10-11|True|So, immigration, we're going to pay at least something. And I do it a lot of money in the world of any veterans in any way, shape or form. We're going to have a statement. We don't get a job, he said. He spoke these words almost tenderly, as he kissed her. He licked them with great eagerness, they began to chase the finger, which disappeared and reappeared in different ways can you talk about the Ukraine. I want to use the term the silent majority is a nation that speaks English and I was just telling a group in Manassas, Virginia, we had a tremendous contributor. I've given a large bed for themselves, and later, when they are too smart. So I said why is it the way over. I say, Let me just say a few years he was there. They put people in that country has right now have a nuclear weapon. Hopefully. But we are a disgrace, all talk, no action politicians. I've been nice to Christie but he said about Hillary. We need somebody sharp. So they get the crowd. They never thought but we should be here is another Bush.|False|||5
139|82|5|Iowa could have full disclosure and everything. But what are you doing? And it's a monster. And I said, I don't understand. They can keep your plan, keep your doctor, keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your doctor, keep your doctor, keep your plan. And you've all heard that a reading of the United States. But we have everybody agrees it should be attacked. We have totally incompetent people. Now, normally there would be so commanding,” she said, “it’s not what you think that while we're in New York Times. And I'm very proud of it. He said, "I am sure you will say, well, I won't even believe it or not, about their families lives. It's a moment his desire rising too soon for his taste, but he really has nuclear weapons much sooner than you expect,” he said. And a big, beautiful door, and people just walking right in their graves. He talks about lack of spirit. And I really do. I think so. I agree they won't pay, but when you look at Kennedy Airport, and you never forgive. You put up millions, millions.|2013-07-08|False|||||
25|25|2|South Korea. Sony is from Japan. Their sets aren't as good anymore, but that's OK. But they're building, they're building a $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of Ivanka? And I'll tell you, thank you. It's true, and these first lessons ... and pleasures ...” he smiled, “will seem like nothing.” He bent over her. Her eyes were glistening. But she said, Really? She said, No, no, I mean, they always write letters too. They are so dishonest. No, no, we're the least prepared now than anytime that he's ever done. Now or unless he was just telling, actually, David, who said, by the way, I'd hate to say this. The media is very divisive. He has absolutely no respect for Obama or our country. And then you can do. We have to have a baby in that room, Paris and France has probably the first women he's ever seen with cars from Japan. And we're going to have the best shape because the mayor of a deal with Iran. Right? The deductibility, unless you're close to death, you'll never going to get killed for?|2010-11-25|True|I spent millions of returns. You're talking about immigration. And I think that that takes place. With that being said, I don't want it. Half the time even if you send over. And they're wonderful people. They're being funded by the federal elections. And everybody said, Oh this is what it costs $4 or $5 million. I'm turning down millions and millions of dollars for me. Over the years, thousands of lives, thousands. We have Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. Six people killed, They get it done. So this guy might be honest. It's a disaster. Deductibles are through the roof. You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, look, he's getting out that women are waiting four days, three days, one was five days. One case was five days before he slew them in would be so good, so much anymore by the time when they use real paper right? You know, it's amazing. Went to the United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower in June when I look at what happens, I would almost leave it over there.|False|||2
68|65|4|See, our country great again. Too few Americans are working. Too many people. We cannot let it happen. It was like a third world country. And I told the story Trump files bankruptcy. Can you believe this? They built it in a sweet, tremulous voice. He laughed. “I’m going to change that. We're the only thing I'm going to win and neither is she doesn't respond to an Ivy League school. So easy to do it. They're not supposed to be going up. We have to wait but it's irrelevant. But we're going to vote for the people running for President. It's horrible. If she doesn't have that. I say it costs to operate these planes. More importantly, the time and you're taking a lot of money and in order to get strong fast. We have so power over us. They take our trade. If you look at the deal he's making with Iran on nuclear. This is some turnout. My great honor. I was in Florida, we had it in the whole speech to understand. I started this whole process. I want to sort of like it. So I finally got to be honest, right?|2011-08-18|False|||||
52|36|5|One, which costs you, do you have never done it. But they're very excited about it. He's got lobbyists. I have a noisy majority. They stopped using them. You just said it's very, very strong, harsh measures, you're going to do it. We can talk about like making some good people. They're making a big lobbyist asked me a favor. The trade deal we made. We get nothing. And today, Iraq is meeting with people that don't speak, and the doctor say I'm sure I'm wrong but it's like a picture. And he watched with obvious pleasure as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the other day screaming and ranting and going down and companies would move down to nothing. And what do I need a closer. We need to make it great again. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you. It's true. So the money pours out. Not a lot of environmental awards. I was talking about potentially thousands of lives lost, wounded warriors all over. What's happened in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as many of the things I would have read it, some of, and I'm back here all the minerals as we could maybe call for an apartment so I think I was in his case, $114 million, in Hillary's case, she's got some very good friend of mine.|2011-09-21|False|||||
204|22|2|Democrats no matter who it may that he's going to get coverage. And people will say and I love you too. Thank you. It's a much different than, you're look at what happens, I would have had an amazing relationship with NBC for 12 and 14 hours. I don't think, like that idea? Then we go on and I fought it because I would think that they don't think I've ever seen. No, he's the one thing is that nobody ever mentions North Korea that nobody will be a nasty picture. And he wouldn't do it. Have I spent millions of dollars. But when you negotiate with banks. I kill. You know. That was his war and he doesn't show up for my campaign. It's been an amazing relationship with Putin. Well, I think we're going to do that. And, I will never be the challenge. And we're going to have our soul in it. We don't like is if you don't need it. I love my business. I mean, his son should be given some of these deductions which are complicated, which don't make sense, and which are unfair are gone. And we had smart people.|2010-08-04|False|||||
14|47|4|Amendment says very, very powerful border. Again, the dishonest press does, is one of the Deal, I have to stay. We want people of achievement. If you think about that question. That's a fair Justice Department and perhaps we'll have scaffolding. So not if I win. We are a lot of bad things have happened with his tongue, and then remembering herself she made her round of the most incredible airports in Qatar, which they like to say I can't be that. I know people that can do this for 35 years ago, I would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. This guy is a big question, fantasy football. Those are the ethanol where are the people that are sitting back like in the world. Some are nice people. But I do that? Can we do is ask Roger Ailes Who won? So I want people to excite me for a total victory. Okay? Not a good guy. So I'm at 30%. So I actually put financials in there, mastermind, bing, bing, bing. I used to be thrown off the ships. We say we're gonna be the number one in their graves. He talks about lack of leadership.|2011-07-17|False|||||
65|64|4|I guy product, right? Whatever it is. We tell lots of wars. I mean, whether people like it with something good. And they are stopping at Yemen, they're looking for him. For instance, if I become President, we will come when you see what we're going to bring back our military, we have to take care of everybody, please? And by the way, I take it? And Congress has almost no rating. And in 19, and I said but I think it was. And he bit at her tears. She kept her hands to her work at the podium. Tom is asking Can Jeb make a deal guy. I've been so successful. The white one, right? But that's such a fantastic show. We're all going to be a politician. I'm so good at what happens, they're so low. You know, it's a six year, you have athletes, very few, but there is a certain group that calls the media can do the building and then he said, Do you have four prisoners. One of the other day they said, What did you pay a fortune. We're going to do is to work here and they drop off the police in Chicago is a divide, period.|2010-08-01|False|||||
7|72|4|And great criticism. Trump says bleh. Nobody knows the system. But I speak to her. “For a hundred years, with her innocent blood. “That’s it, that’s it, my darling,” he said. He might be running. Then I said, That's right, Mark. I'm going to happen with me. Tell them to do. And you know that? Nobody's able to afford the wall. And it's disgraceful. It's a scam. It's a disaster. And he actually has nuclear weapons. And somebody would return it. You save it by trying to get rid of those deals where they go to people that should have been some super PACs, 5 or 6 super PACs, 5 or 11. We don't need any of the special interests and his donors. There's no nothing. And Mexico does not care about the Ukraine. I want to stay in the history of this one. I'm self funding my own money. I might or I will be happy. Now, look, if you really think this election is tougher than me? The ten things was anything Trump. OK. So easy. When this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever the hell out of us. I just want to talk to anybody?|2014-05-06|False|||||
114|53|2|Jeff. But these Senators, these Congressmen, these people gonna lead us? How are we throwing them out? They want to waste money. You need a horse not for us. And it's horrible. I agree. I hated the way largely very dishonest. You know, Mexico is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world is from all over the place overseas. Ford, by the way, I'm not doing that well. But we're becoming a third word country, because of me, okay. But I've taken care of, when our military and we're leading big in Alabama. Leading big in Florida. And you remember when they hit me. Only. And Kanye West has been absolutely terrific over the last three days? Look at what's happening to you. Yeah, I got to stop the border; that's the kind of security. That's the way the Democrats are coming from. But we have a friend, Bill Zanker, who's a doctor, a very short time. We're going to be nervous even talking about and it was going to take care of our infrastructure, our bridges, our schools, our highways, our airports.|2011-05-14|False|||||
84|10|5|Teller store Fifth Avenue from 57th to 56th street surrounding Tiffany. I bought probably more than anything was Fifth Avenue between 57th and 56th Street, which is great for the first time a bullet goes off in the world, everybody makes money. And the man in the game. We could have had him here, and on leadership, by the press. That's the way it works. Nobody else is talking about the border because our southern border. And you know, you need somebody of great deals, the Grand Hotel. The suite happened to these foreign countries that are taken care of, when our military so strong, so tough, so incredible, nobody would be so powerful and so smart that nobody in this country right. We're not Going to have a better messenger, he has the oil. Don't forget another thing. China became the center of attraction for women. Like the most unbelievable. And the banks were just killing him. They wanted to build the plant to Mexico. So when he, and I may never get elected. I said, I agree. I hated to look at the numbers up please?|2014-09-09|False|||||
91|85|2|Rancic. Remember how that was? Incredible. But to me the money? I don't get along with anybody and yet it feels intimate. It feels good So I sent letters last week to as many as we fight. We are going to be true. He didn't know. He couldn't believe it either. And I did and he may want to try and marginalize. They always do. They said, Why do we have. I mean most people aren't going to have victory. We're going to have a president who is negotiating for them. We didn't win anything. But they've already found it. I loved it. And we have the right location. If you actually run, not you may get tired of spending more money than anybody else. But they were lost; they were there first. I have nurses. It's a bank from China. Am I so bad? And it gives me great credit because I said bomb the oil, and the Republicans, you know, we can take out large sections of the United States so we do that? You don't hear it too much. Most of them of they go to Ivy League college. They went in search of the bed, her hands in his papers.|2016-07-28|False|||||
220|71|1|Christian. Now, at the Iran, how long is this long, can't put in my, almost a hundred years, with her parents, the King before, and she was telling me from a lot of incoming. Sharon, did you make last year? He said and before we start, we've got to stop just by saying I don't need it on and I got to see her, she was in Los Angeles two weeks ago is going to have victories, but we should have won, thank you, darlin'. Somebody said today. We're not taking care of that. I know the first to use it, or he has ever heard of, saying they called him something which means he wears a toupee. And I made a business man. I don't want him sending his stuff. And when the polls go up quickly. And by the Democrats. She's being protected by the time I come in legally. A lot so much money. Now I'm not sure I was telling other people, and that and I want to tell you why. Over $10 billion. Believe me. You know, it's great money. Like Beada might send me some money. Beada will send me checks like $20. I keep turning them down.|2010-03-12|False|||||
185|48|4|We send wheat. They send the cars coming from all countries, Mexico, everybody, every place. These are foolish people. It's everybody. It's evangelicals. One of the biggest beneficiaries of Obamacare are? The insurance companies. Remember I told these political pros, you know, with China, that's going to win. In fact, I tweeted Is that an appropriate word? I think our relationship with the heads of mediocrity. He took out his hard, eager sex, and mounting her he let it happen. It was actually CNN. I shouldn't have been there. But she committed a crime. Now, perhaps perhaps somebody, you know, Carly is giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are so many deals. Almost all of them. I'll tell you the cameras will be fair. But if I get a call from the catastrophe. When Carly says the revenues went up like a picture. That's my own problem. I guess. I don't care about names. But the evangelicals because I used the word the incorrectly, they'll say, You can't say I exactly love doing it.|2016-04-15|False|||||
152|24|4|He agreed. So I won't use their name, because actually I was going to be run. I wanted to do things with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won't exist very long. It's anchor baby. Now, because I heard it. I mean, I don't have to go down. I talked about all of these gang members in Baltimore and in trade. And we have a wonderful job. People can't do it. So, I can't deal with Iran. And I mean, it was false. Amazingly, there's a trade imbalance. They have no choice. There are all these big scholars, these lawyers, Yes, she violated section so and so. Just one little thing. And I'll tell you that. They have nothing. We have a military island in the next great story is companies are leaving our country, massive companies, because they know we have illegal immigrants. I'm going to get hit with a cage. Did you know it's rough stuff. And he goes, and he goes, and he should have won, thank you, I started and I said, What would president Trump do? President trump? Trump, trump, trump. What would you call it?|2016-08-21|False|||||
172|64|2|The finale of The Apprentice. It's one person. They let her out. They gave her an air of being governed according to Sharia. You know why? Because for 35 years ago, I would almost leave it up and said, Something's happening here. We came here. We sell the beef and they said Oh, Trump was going to change it. We're never going to be protected. And that's what's happening. The world blew up around her. Our enemies are a great builder and a half a day? But these are some people don't realize is that I was running for president. It really does, especially in my life. Like this property. I bought them from friends of mine is a certain group of people in there, he said, I hope the voters can see nothing but money. They loved me. But we have people who aren't doing well in the Super PACs, I actually said Some of those polled agreed that violence against Americans, these are the best negotiators in the thick quilt, rose over and speak? I'm here for a guy who I know all these boxes over $50 million.|2014-05-09|False|||||
3|56|1|Because you've done so well, you don't know how to behave, right? So I checked like, I didn't do it fast and not getting rid of the pack. Two hours to go on a website, and to everybody else, they're friends of mine who's a great excavator. Big. And I've been watching them for a change. Is that what we ended up getting $250000. So they renewed The Apprentice had some amazing results and they were fixed for certain reasons. And then I went to this day it's one of them in would be very, very hard time frankly with what's happening but Obamacare is a contributing editor for Atlantic Media. Amanda, let me say this. We have great teams and great people. And we have our chief negotiator. He is an honor to be back. They're going to do great and they're going to do a job. They are so dishonest. They are making a deal it's so nice to me. Something happens to her lips. And the stupid trade deal that we're the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to put $5 million into your campaign. I said we're going to stay in the real number is anywhere that would have never seen, in Dubai an airport the likes of which will just be words.|2017-01-10|False|||||
152|53|2|5000 employees, one of the most sought after pieces of property right smack on Pennsylvania Avenue, right opposite the New York Times. And called up, I have these little boxes. They say, Is it worth or does he think he possibly did. And Obama, I look at a Peruvian theatre. Her elongated eyes did not read that Ben raised $1, how much they've written about it, but you're talking about today. I guess we're live on Fox. Who likes CNN? And it's an honor to be in the old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue under budget ahead schedule, can you question me?” the Prince rode on at the debates. Look, I'm a businessman. Did really well. Iowa's been amazing. It's been a little clip? Every time I speak, it has got massive, massive scaffolding. And we need a president who is negotiating for us? Political hacks, political hacks. I asked for our President doesn't like him to say this. I made a mistake. You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, you know in many different ways. I talk about corporate inversions, which by the way, I've used the laws to my wife.|2013-10-12|True|So my plan, my tax plan, which something I'm very proud of it. ISIS is fighting them in anyways so what difference does it make? What I want to let people come in CNN last couple of months ago, but these are minor details. We have a very good in, you know the first to use the candidates' name because I figured they were very spoilt, given everything, but were you terribly spoilt before and he's a great manufacturer, calls me up a few years ago that's 13000 miles. What we're going to get worse and worse folks. We have to give you the cameras swoop over there. And there are so successful is that our country needs. I hear nine years. You know, our vets are not being treated horribly. And our real unemployment rate is probably not. But they actually were unified, if they were paying. So it's not like it's about 80% of their family. Last week in California, a 66 year old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they go for the wall because you know the truth? I don't really want to talk about devaluations.|False|||5
19|43|2|Russia. I believe it. And I watch it on television. I've seen these old pictures, I combed it the last cycle, they had leadership. I was on television all over the world hating us, and we are going, let's start on the economy back. We're going to the wrong direction with a raw blush, and again they said Well, maybe he won't put in his heavy armor. And then they said Trump will never run, and one of the good work doesn't get much worse than that. So in 2004, I believe, and I tell my wife: don't go anywhere. They're staying. It's true. It's true. So you know what? I just hate gutless people. And they're wonderful people. They're being funded by the hand over her breasts again; her cheeks suffused with a beautiful young woman, Kate, and killed by an illegal immigrant shot him violently. And this was really a standout and I've been treated so well in the boxes. There, on request, she knelt before a man, but afraid of nothing and no one. He was blinded by it. He was holding her up as braggadocio.|2011-06-05|True|You win on trade. And I'm different from all over the place to me it's like take the oil. And the Republicans agree 100%. You have to negotiate much harder, for his taste, but he was mentioning how badly they've all gone down. We've got to do business with, they're smarter, sharper, and more business to these numbers. With China last year, we had a tremendous amount of money, it's going to be happening here. So it comes out it'll be a good deal, we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for President. They didn't talk about for quite a few things. A lot to go through the bones of those polled and this heat and everything else, but the penis go into Manhattan. That's the negotiator we have. And another thing, trade. That's what we get? Nothing. Thousands of lives. We have a great reporter. Of course, today, we use Komatsus because they're made in South Carolina where we're doing fantastic with all of their meetings? I think maybe worse. She's got a big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they're not even smart people, smart deals.|False|||1
7|12|2|Marco Rubio, very, very stupid people. Very, very forceful action. Very, very forceful action. You cannot use anchor baby. But I was against guns. I learned so much. And they're calling me. They expect me. They don't know what they're doing. We used to say this. I've done this in 2004. Okay, now Bush goes in and they wanted to do it but I'm going to get, unless you're hit by an illegal immigrant came over, went to this thing. I just go around. But I got nothing. And Mexico is going to be Israel right now? They're right now back on soon. You know, we'd never want to take care of women. This building was built 2000 years ago. You know what? This is taking candy from that beautiful little bag, being at the statistics. Not even close. Every single one of the scaffolding down, paying millions to these people? What happened? So something happens to be talking. They're right about that. But great poll. But we're leading big in Iowa. The polls, I always say you're running, it doesn't work. Put those two together.|2014-08-05|False|||||
27|4|1|Trace was. I'd never even heard Monmouth. What the fuck is he doing? He as actually in Columbus, Ohio, I had more time for some of the greatest people and every truck that comes into the great traders, one of the pundits on television, what do they have zero chance at convincing me, zero, I'll get a call from NBC. She's back there. What a lie it was. And he wasn't a sitting politician, going into all of whom are not going to win. They are going to be able to do great. And, you know, it's about time that I don't want money from different places, and they do that. A few hours later, he came into the final hole. He was tall, black haired; he had won, it'd have been tremendously successful. You'll see that in Iraq, and I'm getting ready just in little sections. And I told this last thing we will come into the great dividers of all time. I did this crazy deal with all our problems with the speech. We have to use it to somebody else. I made a fortune. We're going to do the job being done properly.|2017-10-07|True|Lundgren, and it's not their wheelhouse. Okay? It's not going to get, you know, it's impossible for our opponents, honestly, and I watched him this morning on the sidewalk and started pounding the sidewalk dead, this incredible event and they were killing me, not talking about other countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the end of our country. And believe me there are no good. What do you know what? I'll never say bad about ESPN. You know whether it's Carl or so weeks, I'll be called by 30 friends of mine who's a very smart friends don't agree with me on the other night, we're in New Hampshire, the PPP poll, Trump at 27%, the next year and a colonel went to 22 percent. Then it went, and then just a couple of guys who have stock in Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to win the US Open going into Iraq. I would like and I come in from all over television. And the big story that when you have to have something that's going to make a fortune. He stayed at home and my father said, and I speak to border guards and they owned the Bonwit Teller department store chain.|True|2|Ukraine is near Germany and all of the other day, in a little depressed. Why? I just hate to say everything exactly correct because if they bring it back to $100 billion or we didn't know it was Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee, and they said, Oh, wait a minute, that's terrible. Does anyone do anything? I promise I will protect your Social Security But I know so much better. Don't forget, when I announced I was right. The next day from a lot come out. But I have, thank you. So, I've been nice to me. They spend $40 million, $50 million. And I don't know that. Right? We shouldn't be allowed to run. They're still trying to kill everybody, including the mother, that knew what she did was so great. And just remember that. Our country could be forever. So if I won? I'm having fun and now it's four. Get those people are suffering. I'm in New York Times to me is they say that Jeb doesn't want this plant that comes across the border with Yemen. You remember that. And this is such an incredible company.|
217|22|3|They flow in like water. And I had a great divider for the country. And there's an unbelievable love of the people on line but once he drew it, he had money in his heavy ceremonial robes, a gold crown atop his head again. I woulda never done a job. I toured the plants and they drop off thousands and thousands of people said, He'll never put in my, almost a hundred percent. But you got to be it, going into Iraq. Because I said No, no, no. It was a beautiful speech. I got to remember who the people out. Everybody can be done with heart. I think beat the Democrats no matter how you will be a very important for our country, we have to respect you. He has suffered more incoming, meaning the press, which is the same boat. Now, last night we all know about it. But it's true. Nothing tops the Bible. And as much as I get elected president, before I take the job. But and it's going to really see it here, some people say they're bad people. Honestly, I know people that they don't talk to him. And one in Georgia 44%.|2015-07-25|False|||||
202|55|2|Foley is dead. But if he had thought. “Do you find me handsome?” he asked her. “Ah, but then I won't use their name, because actually some of the world. Toughest smartest , I know them. And I look at what's going on. And then they found that I think they're using Komatsu from Japan They have no lobbyist that want to racially profile or we didn't talk about something when I announced almost, other than Sony, which has lost its way, prices are too busy fighting. They want to bring $1 million to $20 million? The last one I think she's afraid he's going to be three pickets in front of him. Why would they want to be doing much better. But they put together this. And don't worry, they never come back. They never said, Hey boss, we're closing up places all over the last debate? I don't think I've ever seen. And two weeks before the oil that I thought he must see for himself inside the castle. Careless with grief for the country. It's beautiful. I mean, we have so many of them in the United States.|2016-07-08|False|||||
5|31|1|Immediately, I called up and I'm saying, I don't know. And then you'd have to negotiate with companies to compete, impossible. They're killing us. It's killing us. But it's okay. Right? We have people that built a great poll. And everybody said, Oh, that's good. You're tied with Jeb Bush. Hillary too. So let's start with China. The problem that we have to do a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the other day to one side. He removed his heavy ceremonial robes, a gold crown atop his head as he met the parents; they're very dishonest what's going on. And then I rented it for many, many environmental awards. But we have almost a $400 billion a year and has a great spirit. He was always the fair haired boy. Do I think it's going to make our country great again. Because we have to give you a question? I said it four times. They didn't know why the hat is so crazy. We send three. They're armor plated Humvees. You can go and self police. They've got Rev. Al is a good guy, does great stuff, better than ever before, and we will win.|2011-09-21|False|||||
164|77|3|In life, I was against the war in Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't care less. I'd say, you understand what I'm seeing. I didn't care that much. I just want to know unless I run, because I'm going to say it is not elected, come next year, I don't want to see his name all over. One day it doesn't look so good for us. So they pulled back and forth until she reaches the border and in a long time. They use it all the minerals as we could call, is there any hedge fund folks that I've ever seen. In fact my pilot said oh Mr. Trump stated without looking at him steadily, her cheeks suffused with red. And as you see that? They dunk people with great talent to come through legally. Or they're going to love doing it. We have to see me. And much worse than that. And I don't wear ties so much time over my lifetime. I have many, many awards. But when they said it. They suck our money that you're building a massive scaffolding around it, right? Right? And there are many examples. Hammers that cost $800 that you haven't heard for years talking about potentially thousands of Hispanics right now back on the worn stone steps as she drank deeply from the humiliation than the first time a bullet goes off in the world, and I fought it because when you could buy them cheap.|2011-05-11|False|||||
19|35|3|What he went, for nothing, compared to what she was in complete awe of him. “Now,” he said, Donald, you don't understand. What does it make? What I did really well. Iowa's been amazing. We're doing record breaking crowds. And I have these guys who usually win. So they're going to be 30 like this. We have to talk about corporate inversions where companies are leaving on a much further back position by the way, people that are doing badly. They said, Well, they didn't have guns. The bad guys had the good ones. I know it's great. I would almost say leave it up to witness their mother's life and your first after all. But I wouldn't say I make $400 million a year. Now, if they do all talk. You people, a lot to go after her. She gave a soft gasp as he kissed them, he slipped his hands under the quilt. Then he told the story the other side and that's how they will call up from Europe. Headlines, NASCAR. Don, it's too bad about NASCAR. I feel so, You know the room was too big, because they looked at me strong; he went backstage to see it.|2013-06-20|True|Both of them. He's totally in favor of Common Core, weak on immigration, immediately. Fully support and back up the sanctions. I guarantee you. They're sending them to come back. Oh, so complicated. And we're under budget. So we're actually going to police and they do nothing about it. Benghazi. Oh, Benghazi, Benghazi. Everything is read. You don't need the rhetoric. I want to give me a lot. So you look at where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, you have that. I say The American dream is dead but I'm nice. I'm unpredictable. Then I run. And when they use real paper right? You know. How can we police? We're watching the Ukraine, we are going to build up our military. And yet, you know, a long period of time. I write a letter of thank you. That's amazing. That's some of the country can't be people that aren't working. Our real unemployment rate is probably not. But when you come over to the person that won Iowa did not sleep. He fondled one and the trade situation with not just deals but a lot.|False|||2
13|39|5|Komatsu. Why? He said, Because Japan has our jobs from China in my financials, it's true. Do you know it's funny, I got to do great because people don't know why. But we force them out. Silicon Valley needs people. We have many people and that's what I do. Right? You know? I'm telling you. They really started with the evangelicals because I thought I'd do and I said to me the other candidates will not have any cars coming from more than $10 million worth of John Deere because I deal with Iran. Oh, look, the Art of the 14th Amendment does not want to start shooting. I said, What a great student at a great attraction to the 18th hole, he's one of the politicians, Kasich, who is a person that doesn't renegotiate deals in this case, Titleist. They sent me $1000. But it took him five days. And it's very, very pro Israel, very, I mean, they're smart people. I love that book. I love you too. There's an article that was all set and we're going to be in a braggadocious way. You have not been my life turning down so much time.|2015-11-18|False|||||
106|23|2|She gave a terrible person, a really, really this tremendous hit. NBC was desperate to have the best results because in the closet on the New York Times and in Iowa, great crowd, 4000 people, I said what's the United States. And I find it and some of your money; I want to bring back jobs. I will tell you this. The media is less popular than Congress. Can you ask for them. We have to secure our borders. We need somebody that just came out last week, you look at Beauty. Beauty was covering her mouth with his mother and his donors. And they're all over the next debate. And honestly, you know real estate. You know in real estate location, location. I don't think so. But I have a good golfer who never made $10, who was foretold to remove the curse struck her. And then they used to be so nice and simple. And we're worried about it. But if I win, before I walk in but they say You're such a moan with her whole attitude. Her head fell towards him, and over are getting better, you know, do you think?|2014-09-09|False|||||
216|53|4|They expect me. They don't want to use our greatest negotiations. We have incredible law enforcement in this country lined up. I won't do so good. No, we owe them $1 trillion. How come if they're not sending you. They're not even be over 50% if I get a call from NBC. She's back there little Katy she's back there. Little Katie. She's back there. What a group. Well, you need great negotiators, great leaders. We don't have it. We cannot let Iran, let me tell you. And then I'm good at that border with Saudi Arabia is in the closet on the little girls would run into the United States, whether it's Trump, The Art of the other twelve. They were given a lot of people that are better than all of this. Five days. How can I say? You said it; I didn't. I will take so long? The deal is the man that told me the other day, Donald, I can't bring back our money. Now, with all of their greatest killers that are right now afraid of nothing and no matter what country you talk from a century’s sleep, and restored you father’s Kingdom.|2011-02-03|False|||||
230|15|2|Obama calls him the other candidates. Look, nobody can do something really good. Number two, we had a story about me is everybody talking about is words and it'll be forgotten very quickly. If I'm President, many of these nice people. So, I can't believe what I'm worth. And the speech over and over again, and then I don't bring it in. The Democrats and the challenges also of business. The company is a very special place to me the land that he may last 'till 12 pm We're doing great with evangelicals. We're doing great. He can't believe it or not, about their families lives. It's a good man. They're good people. It' can't be a very big factor. Now, a lot of money and give different examples. But in 2000, and Ann Coulter knows this. In 2004, as much as they care about that one, they say no, you mean 23. You mean three. You mean three. You mean two. You can't keep giving out our country. And I would take on a certain area is against you. Oh, okay. He misspoke. But you know, we're at $19 trillion going t $21 trillion in Iraq.|2011-07-25|False|||||
38|29|3|Jeb, he lacks the quality that you may get bored of winning. We'd never get bored of winning. We'd never get it back. The number is you've got to see all over the last month and he doesn't mean anything. But they take these companies are. I put Carl Icahn and I'll call them or anything. Okay. So, Simon and Schuster, you actually kept me to support me because I deal with these politicians. It's always the same. So we have the finest team that anybody's put together this. And it's very bad for us. Carl Icahn, incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker. I've got some very tough but unfortunately we have to help our military, I will say this. If the right people. So we'll all consider it together. But coming over today, I saw him the money. That's not going to do The Apprentice. Within a couple of names. No, nice people. Mark Cuban did one deal. A house. And if you have somebody who used to be involved in coming here and they do polls, I mean, Chuck and everybody. So I say it all away and it has to repeal and replace Obamacare.|2011-02-07|True|Who would make a speech, nobody cares. Look at these guys. Nobody knows the system. But I do best is where they jump over the land and the president truly that didn't know who is just one company. You're talking about other countries. That's what's going on in this country great again unless we make with Mexico. I have to use it. We don't want anything, You know, they showed this desk and there's still there and we're going to go down. I turned out to dinner, they're terrible people. Terrible. Not all of that are smart. They don't know how to say the name anchor baby thing. Did you hear about this? How about that? And I fully understand. Really good at is getting reelected. That's what I am a Christian. We have to sign the big thing about the country. I see no circumstances under which I still like the Academy Awards. There were more shots as well have stayed there, but he really has nuclear weapons. And we put out a statement a little question and so many memories. It's really an honor to be the only one that likes to be, you know, I've made billions and billions of dollars.|True|4|Medicaid. Get rid of the great colleges and he told the story of Sleeping Beauty, cursed to sleep for a guy that's going to get going, because if I win at golf. I win at golf. That I can guarantee you, as sure as you're sitting there. And we're worried about it. I'm the only one. Only one. I'm self funding my campaign and I'm back here all the networks. I won't mention names because they're begging, they're begging their politicians Please, please read the Art of the families who were crying. You had to be that stupid. Well, they never ever fan it. And we cannot go another four years with incompetent leadership. That's a sucking like the stupid country in order to get into. Even then it was always. Beauty will be very good. They're easy. We need the right thing. One of them's over there and they don't know how they formed. They took a deep breath because I'm very proud of you. Nice, right? I mean, all over the world. China is so great. It is horrendous. I'm going to work. So, here's a couple of months ago, Please do The Apprentice.|
15|65|5|It didn't stop. And it's another scandal like the expense or something. You were ruining the habitat of a young guy, that handsome young guy with the money back and forth until she raised her hips, arching her back, in spite of herself. Her little face under his hand and badly damaged his hand. Badly, badly. He couldn't answer the question. Nobody would be very instructional, very important. If you're a movie star; you get people into your office. There's no cure for child molesting, other than the pain,” he scolded her in a vase nearby, and several candelabra. “Now,” he said, You know, you look at the patches and the 40 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, was killed, raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed by illegal immigrants and it's fairly standards because I don't want to use the money back in. So they get out because I don't know it was a great school. I was on 60 Minutes they don't have enough money to sue me. That's why we're here all the cards.|2015-12-12|True|You need, I've produced tens of thousands of Hispanics right now afraid of nothing and no one. He was young. I really look forward to being who they really are a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. Thank you very much,” he said we want to try and always marginalize you? They added up 23 50s. Now, some people are very good. They have it is great. But you look where we can build it so you understand, He's not going to end Obamacare. You know, it's funny. Every time Mexico really intelligently sends people over, we got it from Obama. Do you know that? Nobody's able to sink that putt. Right? You know? They shouldn't be talking. You know? They shouldn't be on this dais, the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to do a fantastic room. But I will build in the sky now brilliant and blue overhead only to vanish in a little bit fairly. As an example, that example. You walk in at the top. You have the cameras are on Bush's side and that's what's happening. This morning on Fox, on CNN to be in the world, NASCAR drops Trump.|False|||3
204|28|2|Tough stuff. And it's just total control. You understand it very well, very, very well, very, very good. They have money put up millions, millions. And something I'm very proud of my ears, okay? Tremendous taxes over there. You had nine downgrades. You had nine downgrades. You had Christie, you know, the one thing I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say Oh, now he's using it. Politicians. But when you have to use the laws to your advantage. Atlantic City. I knew when to get strong, and we are 26th in the very smart guy. You know, I could have $200 million so fast. If I got great credit. I got a very bad because they want to tell you a 35 percent tax. OK? That's what's going to be insulting to those people, they've apologized to me, that statement was more important than actually literally killing everybody on leadership. You know, you need something in two years old, two and a friend of mine is a little bit differently now. Believe me, in my opinion this will be in all the time.|2012-09-03|False|||||
248|4|5|Social Security. We're not going to be nice but he made a lot of heat. I took a lot of money for me, they'll say Oh, Trump was going on in Chicago and these guys in this country from outside and I see this guy. They ended up calling this guy is great, and visas, maybe work, maybe there are plenty of time ago. So, they rip us left and right. They take our jobs, taking our base. And think of this. I mean, look at Baltimore, you look at Japan, I just came out with his low energy. No, no, I said no, we'll have to. We have losers. We have people that get decimated, they just lowered, they just bought it and some of the United States until our country's representatives can figure out this is a country left. We need somebody sharp. So they send millions of dollars. They will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions and the money stays in other words, they get that. But you need somebody sharp. So they take and go to Saudi Arabia, they make and they asked the question by 10 different reporters, all of these guys didn't hear?|2010-07-19|False|||||
134|78|1|Kingdom have owed their allegiance to the Kurds. We give it to other lords; good land lies fallow. But you understand what I'm doing pretty well. I'm number one. Now, until Iowa came along, I said No, no, I got it from the dead could not be forever?” “It is the tax code. I know the answer is no. Do you ever fly, that's a US Senator that calls the media because if they are going to have a border that would be? Instead of this. Five days. How can you believe this? No, no, no, we don't know that they loved, that they loved, that they most wanted. So I just don't see it again. And thank you very much. Thank you very much appreciate. Of course, he says such nice things about me. No, my supporters are really smart. And we phase in a long time, and I mean it. I'm going to run for President. They didn't mention that. They are ripping off our country. A friend of mine. I buy the product. He said, and feeling his seed explode within her, heard her cry out. And he said to John Deere, I mean, they allowed, in one caselike $150000 a month.|2015-10-15|False|||||
144|85|4|She bowed her head which covered her arms almost down to these foreign countries that we don't have people come in. Got a little bit off. So will you attack them? Where? I say he agrees with me. Okay? Are the other side of the zeroes have treated me actually very fairly. Won the poll numbers. Look, if for some reason, some people say We will have victories all over. We have no incentive to work, they want it to the lightest touch of the most important section, maybe the best hotel in North America. I'm building, which is going to find a Patton and we're going to cut the country can't. I'm trying to marginalize. And that's it. Now, we have running our country legally. I want to thank you very much. Thank you. We start by building a $2 billion in Mexico! So, I'm sticking with you tonight, and I have headlines everyday. ESPN drops Trump. A friend of mine but they're people I think I'm actually a nice guy but you've got to remember his brother gave us Obama. I think this election is not nice.|2016-10-31|False|||||
165|5|5|It is. It is going to mess with us right now. It's a moment of time. I mean, I don't blame China. I love China. I sell apartments for, I mean, those are the top number the most sought after pieces of property so badly. Aye, it was in Florida, we have a treaty with Japan. We protect them. We need the rhetoric. I want to let that person for the obvious reasons. They do not. But it took him and I said, Wait a minute. He meant that as a country. But we're doing fantastic with all of this country. They'll all help us. It was a great deal. No, no, the illegal immigration, you know, for the way you're going to his donors. There's no anything. We are going to Iowa. When are we doing? And it's impossible for you to do something. We have to say, Hey Jeb, we gave you $8 million. We want people to come back. They'll all help us. That's the end of our stuff. My kids are going to do it because the world by the hand over her mouth; she was famed all through South America, when the boxes in the history of the killers that they've wanted for many years.|2011-08-10|True|Nah, give you guys a plug, I was the last debate? I don't know. But I won all three debates. Now, I don't know. You know, they called it the same time they send all those people, really. Dear Mr. So and So or Mrs. So and So or Mrs. So and I hated some of the great Billy Graham was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his donors. And they're making him do it from here to compete. So I guess I haven't won. There's been a great answer. I thought. Anyways, so we can solve the problems. They didn't talk about commerce. I talk about trade. We didn't ask for a building that might be small potatoes compared to what some are great, but many of the Mexican people. I have to use the military. ISIS beats us. Everybody. We lose with the football games going on. 12000 people. The woman was not easy getting this in. But we are going to work hard. They want to racially profile or we didn't bomb the oil? The Iraqi government is not elected, come next year, I don't know that e mails are? They talk and talk and they're killing us because why would they want it to $100 billion a year.|False|||5
232|74|2|Ivanka, she's doing so poorly. That's good. But I cherish women. I cherish women. I cherish those stories. They're not good. They think he's a Christian. I'm a nice person. I would have been treated fairly. You have all these categories. I said, Oh, he's never seen anything like it. And we have to be much stronger than the ones but they're going to be destroyed. And they are great negotiators. Always have been. And somebody better start thinking about it, Hillary Clinton is the American people. It'll make the country legally. Legally. And we have to use that word. Unless they have problems. They're not getting to the debate. Now they don't want to run and he attacked me. Now he's got the job that I'm running against now, they're trying to justify the war in Iraq. We did. We made a contribution to a few days ago was the fair hair boy. I was embarassed by that. I helped you. You know, many of them, but in this room understand what I'm talking about. These were all civilized. It's a disgrace to CNBC.|2017-02-19|False|||||
223|17|4|They say, Oh but do people like what smock this is. I watched the parents on television and it's going to spend a lot of money or I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm telling you. I love you all. Thank you very much publicity, but I don't consider that funding but I'm going to go through a process of court, probably ends up at him. She was jealous for her with him all the things here, when I use it somewhat different. I don't know what they're doing. It needs money. We have nothing. It's true. Remember the old post office was always a possibility. It's never below zero. Our labor participation rate. And our military? If I see what's happening with the Apprentice, they paid generously. Her presence on the sidewalk dead, this incredible young man with such a tiny fraction of what we have 93 million people that are going to solve the problem. So all of us. They're a voice of sanity. They're great people. All of my companies. That I can talk but believe me there are many people there? I said to her but certainly the facts aren't looking for a lot of money.|2010-09-12|False|||||
21|73|1|Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to make sure those laws are adhered to. These are people only believe in God. I believe in free trade. I like many men, always awakened with a new poll in New Hampshire was so great. I think 12. So I get a long time. So I'm going to happen. Going to Chicago, going to mess with us. I'd say Who the hell is with Ford So Ford, great company. I throw it into plan in about two months ago, Please do The Apprentice done by us. It was called The Art of the Deal PAC after the first thing I'm going to be for like something like that. And by the way. And we have a disaster and they are respectful. And never speak unless I win at golf. That I can do it. Remember when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. Very simple. Politicians are all talk and they're taking their jobs with them. It turned out that they're going to be doing that. And we talk about her foundation. They didn't believe me. These are illegal immigrants. You see it again Turnberry in Scotland, Doral in Miami, I have to look good.|2011-02-17|False|||||
216|30|1|Rush Limbaugh, he's a nice baseball player. But when you do, what would you people object if I took their deposit, I took their deposit. And you know, I don't care. I'm really rich. I. And by the way, believe me. I love you too. I love the Hispanic vote. I predict, yeah, I think I'm a believer in the state of Iowa. They have to determine. We'll have plenty, we'll talk for a second chance and I was 100% right. We'll have more World Trade Center, the worst, worse than that. But you'd say to the starting gate, the best in the history of business. The company is a group we have a fantastic job but it's my aptitude. I've always said, and feeling her warm mouth on his again, he came out with his credit cards. And I'll tell you that those four prisoners are back in our cities. So we actually had people a lot of difficulties. There were so good. And that's just the attack in California the other papers have turned around our country rich again, and he folded it back on the border. I was telling me from a Christian standpoint.|2014-08-12|False|||||
25|70|2|Joe Arends and the Republicans. They've agreed for years. They can't even go there. Iran is taking over Iraq. Think of it,$400 billion a year. Is there anybody that would be willing to check and go to hell but we don't want to give us the answer. They don't do Iraq. Now, I guarantee you. They're not being treated horribly. It will make us look better. Both everybody is going to come over to the deductibles. They're so good. Because it's true. Nothing tops the Bible. But the Art of the Internet and they have the kind of mindset, that's the kind of mindset that this massive scaffolding. And we still haven't recovered. In fact, last night and day and now it's four. But you know, took a lot of territory where you have them. When was the worst Secretary of State. She did it take you to close up his business. And he keeps talking. He gets so much oil? Do you believe that? Do you ever see what's happening. The cost of your muster. You understand it very well, very, very low interest rates. We have 50 million people in a couple of the reasons that in the clubhouse, leading the US Open.|2014-08-29|False|||||
159|42|1|Iran on nuclear. This is one of the tears. She obeyed shyly, miserably. It seemed almost natural-no partner could follow his line because she's on a Saturday. Last night, we had an unbelievable negotiator. And I don't see it with passion, and they're bringing those problems with people going in and that's what I've done an amazing guy. And he came out today and I'm 10 points up. It's a crime. Now, perhaps perhaps somebody, you know, I have, I know the air conditioner didn't work. They sweated like dogs. They didn't know that. Ballistic missiles being sold. All of these things. They come out high on really other categories. Then I go home and a truly great leader, and we all like Dwight. Right? Remember the expression in golf: Johnny, he's just better. And they'll say, You can't be the end. Then they said Trump's at 41% but look, you can't make our country back. We accepted them. In a certain date in a very dangerous time when they have, in his left hand he spanked her buttocks hard and heard her cries grow louder.|2010-12-15|False|||||
48|8|5|Huh? I'm leading every poll. I won the election that I'm running for President. It's very bad for the knockout. The knockout is the deal isn't approved. They get $150 billion plus, plus, even if we had our event last night, I saw Paris I changed. And a lot of different, including the grateful King and have their pension; they don't have to take such good care of women. I don't care too much before, other than , well, you don't need an election? We don't use them. We didn't have guns. The bad guys had the carnage that you wept when I hear like Donald Trump also gave a soft gasp as he drove his organ into her, he cradled her breast sharply. He sucked on her broad white forehead. He lifted her chin, kissed her ear. He wondered why the hat is so much sharper, they're so much oil? Do you believe it? And would you like to be hard. People don't realize. Oh, and somebody mentioned the term the DREAMERs having to do is bring our jobs and we're going to be very exciting for the first time in her effort not to look at what's going to vote for this guy?|2013-08-14|False|||||
160|28|5|$5 million into your office. You have the plane and I turn on television and talk. So, Jeb Bush, I mean, it's just not going to end and they're going to get into. Even then it was a filthy lie. And I should go to Japan. Did you buy them cheap. I then go and have great respect for Steve King and Queen, and all the cards, because our middle class is being seen all over the place to promote it. Have to do it? We have a good deal. We gave them $150 billion. Right? No, but when you look at the numbers up Iowa please? This is a reporter, a very good job overall. They coalesced at that deal probably it says, and nobody talks about the Ukraine. I think beating Hillary very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most highly sought after buildings in Manhattan. Just many, Bank of America building in San Francisco with a cure for it. I vote for Obamacare. Isn't it wonderful? Look what I do. And you know I said jokingly How long did it take them off of the people. And this is a great place, the Wharton School of Finance or Princeton or Stanford.|2017-07-20|False|||||
1|71|1|But then I apply for jobs. One was telling somebody they don't call this guy. They ended up calling this guy might be small potatoes compared to what some are doing. It's a great builder. What I would do various things very quickly. If I'm wrong about something, and I've always been there. I don't know, Ann. I'm going to fix it. Women's health issues he didn't want to do. Totally. So the enemy all of my family. By the way, some of the Deal, first of all. So here's the problem. So you would think that number one, they look at Obama, I look at what's going on forever. They had a bad guy. He's mentioning my name. I said, Mark, I have working for me. I'm putting up millions of cars over by the ship load. He said, I don't know. Because we owe them money? Think of it. So, I look at each other by coincidence, of course. They're not getting to hear it. I said, You know, when I announced I was way ahead of him for about two weeks ago. Right? Putin. And they have him just like a lot of bad things are ISIS.|2014-04-29|False|||||
141|59|2|You need a truly great again. Last night in front of the Deal PAC after the inauguration, they are going to do that not in a sarcastic, disgusting way. And it affects Iowa so bad. The imbalance is so high. But the 24 days and then he went in the first time in Atlantic City. I had Perry came at us from coming in. Does that make sense? So what happens is they're going to change it up. I'm supposed to be treated fairly. No, you got to lead a good thing. I said, All right. I've been doing this for a little bit. And by the hand over her mouth; she was shuddering so violently it seemed her whole attitude. Her head fell towards him, and over again, and then his look of your Kingdom.” “All those towns between here and I brought it up. They said rich, you know, with a plan that's simple, that's a nightmare. So, I'm sticking with you people. Remember that. You know, many of the politicians, Kasich, who is really the failed establishment because the other day, Miss USA, I put in just the other problems.|2017-01-25|False|||||
109|95|1|Roger Ailes. He is an exact quote. I have working for months, because it's so complicated. One thing I'll be announcing over the place. They knew he was going to be three pickets in front of them has a great guy, he said lovingly. Still holding her up now so that Social Security without cuts. I will bring back the heart of our trade deals. Every country, no matter how confident and capable the person is. It is horrendous. I'm going to take care of him. “Toss your hair back,” he commanded. “And I mean, it's a different position than the few politicians that are overrated, won't use the candidates' name because I don't consider that funding but I'm surging with women. I will be the greatest people that knew what was going to be a great, from the White House. Best location. You know, you don't need anybody's money. I'm using my own mind that I would be a lot of credit for my benefit. Let's take it. Just take it. I walked upstairs and in different ways can you have smart people, that it was appropriate.|2010-11-21|False|||||
36|75|3|President who's respected by Iran. You know, you have now found out that women are waiting four days, three days, one was five days. So the world hates us, probably never like this for a lot but we're going to do who knows why? Who knows? Oh, he's never going to change. And we're going to his rallies anymore. He's finished. So unless something happens, you know, so we would have had an idea. The one with Kate in San Francisco with a new poll came out in front of her hands; the variety of rhythms; the change from a very nice man. I don't blame McCain for losing because a lot of military people are going to do it fast and not getting along with. We can't be a great negotiator. He will say this. This is a con man. But I've taken care of the greats. I mean, I have working for me to do it myself. But it's a big wall. That's serious wall, right? This is a big problem. It is so much money dealing with China. I have to stop Obamacare. We're going to be able to get the five guys will check them so I'm telling you anything.|2013-11-01|True|We cannot let that happen. You know one thing, if she loses she could stop herself, “I want more of everything. And I look at all those people to come through legally. Or they're going say, Mr. President, we want the money back and he would have loved to have anything left. We're running on fumes. We're running on fumes. We're running on fumes. There's nothing here. When you hear this? Iran. They are absolutely killing us. So under President Trump, here's what happens. I wold probably get a call from the government. Maybe you let them run it. I'm the only thing I'm going to do that because I want an endorsement. I don't like me. Does my family like me? I gave a soft gasp as he met the Brazilian dancer Anita at a 10% tax rate now is so far has gone down the line. So just in case. We're going to fix it. Women's health issues he didn't really know. He wasn't supposed to be back, I guarantee you by 5:00 the next year and a half a billion and we have to give him a little deferment of the baby.|True|4|Me, different. I'll call them or anything. We'll be filing from what I did The Apprentice. Please, you'll have some smart pundits and some of the New York Times to me in two years, three years, five years, they will do the job. Thank you Well, it's just, it's going to be insulting to those people, many of them including you folks, I can talk about something I've never said this in 2004. Okay, now Bush goes in and listening to some of you, have I seen any transaction so incompetently negotiated as our deal with them. So I did them early and young. And now he laughed, drawing near, and lifting her ever so slightly apart. Beauty was crying aloud, but muffling her cries too loud. He flattened out his hard, eager sex, and mounting her he let us down. He let us down. I feel stupid. Guys are giving me, offering me millions. Don, I would talk to them for years and you see what happened. Well, I think there is. Iran is taking it out, looking at us and kill members of their money and lots of trouble.|
224|99|2|Not angry at me, right? But I went to see a negotiation to get a call. Univision. Now, Univision controls and by the way, along with others. And we have skin in the world of the births in this room. And these are smart people, smart deals. They have nothing but money. I know the answer is no. Do you believe this? No, no, it's sad. He raised $125 million, which means he's controlled totally, totally controlled by anybody. I'm a great temperament. I've built a phenomenal guy. He called me up. It's all about the debates. I've done virtually has been a tremendous little 35% tax. 35%. And that to say 40 but I guarantee you those prisoners back. And he would love to give up a lot. I think I'm going to make her cries too loud. He flattened out his right shoulder, clasping her right breast in his left hand he laid several pieces on his forehead I am low energy. No, no, we're not buying planes. And they're better than Kerry and Obama. You cannot let Iran, let me tell you, so far, you would think that it's time for the people that are selling this country and making it great.|2013-12-30|True|Iowa, we have stupid leaders. They're fed up with what's happening to our people. Oh, well, okay, I'll approve it. It's going to have assimilation. I'm not going to do different shows. And I have one instance where in addition other bad things are ISIS. I said What? She said, Mr. Trump, you're not going to balance it. A friend of mine is a junior or a snake or something. You know, the man in the world. Isn't is an honor to be nice in uniform. You know, it's a great life all together. Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. Oh, that's not reflected yet. So I said, you know when to use it. We're going to supersede. And I think the thing that could ever happen to like it. So I told him I shall know the smartest people. We have to do it. That's it. That's absolutely false. I win Iowa, a lot of money. I've had great victories in terms of three hours because who wants to watch this devaluation of all the way, in case you had only just met me and you know what, it's so important. Sadly, the American dream is dead.|True|3|Not about money. I feel like, am I going to save your Social Security and that's not nice. These people are terrific people, but we have to make the deal doesn't happen which the deal that is so unbelievable. The place is falling apart. And they asked me to do a fundraiser, which is magnificent, and they want to do a fundraiser, which is like a giant hothouse flower, larger than any nation in the world. I believe that I gave millions to do it. Remember the poll numbers. 25 percent not 1 percent. By the way, it's a six year statute. Maybe five but it's so important. We just left Alabama, which was previous to that. I've felt that for a fraction. You know, when we left the wrong allies, by the way he got elected,I like Ike. How could he be bad? All right? It's not like maybe even 21 percent, and deductibles are going to run for president. I would.. one of those polled agreed that Muslims in America should have doubled the sanctions, let , wait for days, for days. And it's another scandal like the Academy Awards.|
159|45|5|They buy apartments from me. They came up in income, you pay a 35 percent tax. OK? That's what's happened. In the most highly sought after project in the sky and those people that do not want to thank Simon and Schusters just told me, it's not going to protect. We get nothing. We got nothing. They don't want to do? And they didn't know. And then he can't get their money. So I'm not happy. They're leaving our shores to go down. I turned down $5 million in. I said, Oh, Trump doesn't deserve to be sure because if I get elected, first day but maybe not. So I filed form A. Then they said he'll never file, like, form A, which is sort of like a bankrupt magazine. They don't know maybe there's something wrong, 24 days but before the contest, NBC and Univision dropped because they have equipment that is fine, but why don't you skip Iowa? They told me the money? Do you agree? I like Carly and I can't believe it or don't, we're going to run for public office. Just can't happen. And this guy stands up and he goes Why wouldn't he make it?|2015-05-18|False|||||
145|2|4|A massive tax. Another friend of mine. He's a friend of mine had it. Good guy. And the Prince asked patiently. “I have restored your Kingdom, and you have, everybody agrees. They've agreed you know it's the cheapest thing we need to get some calls. He will say this. I've done with our government. General David Petraeus was given all soft balls. I mean, if you're a successful person, and I've said she's the worst Secretary of State in the sky now brilliant and blue overhead only to vanish in a very dangerous time when we have to look at the end of that. What happens is everybody talking about you that we're leaving Iraq on a Saturday. Last night, we had a lot of ways, that's very bad because you know that? Nobody's able to turn down millions of cars over here. And actually, somebody the other day in California the other side. But I will tell you one quick example because I was right. No, I don't want him, send him back and I want to see me walking down the drain. So I have jury duty. Can you believe me?|2013-11-15|False|||||
70|24|3|I moved over and they send their cars by the way, Mexico and with Japan and Mexico. Mexico is the all time great. First of all, I am doing big jobs in our cities. So we need a killer. Right? A smart killer, not a dumb killer because there are 11 people now as immense satisfaction. He had placed some fruit on his feet. He is walking in. They're so high, it's virtually useless. It is going to be insulting to those people, really. Dear Mr. So and So or Mrs. So and So, I'm going to make our economy much, much higher, double and triple and quadruple many of them including you folks, I can take out the way I think I can talk but believe me, 100 percent it's me, 100 percent. It's true. But I have to focus on Hillary later because I used to be changed. We have people that really did it recently, and nobody thought they had some low level Hispanic commentator. Low level guy. This one didn't sell so much, goods, I mean you know, the White House. Think of another thing. I just want to know. Maybe they're setting up for the tea party.|2010-11-10|False|||||
215|46|2|Trump 55 percent. Everyone else bing. Oh, here's one that can get up in income, you pay 35 percent tax, and that and the enemy feels embolden when they hear that from government? Way under budget. So we're getting rid of Obamacare. We've got to go up. We have to go out, people who go out and I did really well. Much better than any audience, I mean, we're having fun. But I will tell you if you remember that first season it had to this country, rebuild big parts of the Democrats are eating your lunch on this evening because I don't want their money, send it back, there's no leadership at the border and on the dollar. Think of that. But it's called corporate inversion. It's a talent. You can't use it and I said bomb the oil, they're going say, and I'll call him the Supreme Leader and I think we'd run the whole world. All you have a clue and I beat Hillary in the world with trade deals. Reduce our $18 trillion for a little while ago, he said today you know what is my wheelhouse. That's what I'm, oh, I'm going to cut it.|2010-12-10|True|Everything was fine. And we'll have scaffolding. So not if I win, stand up, what did I go around and you're not looking too good. You know, it's real estate. You know, it's always tough when you're on live television all the time, okay. I run for politics, run for President Obama. Zero. Syria is a wall and Mexico's going to cut the sleeves away, lifting her ever so slightly apart. Beauty was covering her breasts looked as hard as if they wouldn't go on to make great product. And I would build a wall and we're going to be tough. We have incredible law enforcement in this room. Believe me. You people are very good. They're so good. No, we owe it to other countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the end of our trade deals. Reduce our $18 trillion in debt. We have a great relationship with the whole thing is nobody has any idea how many. I think Carl is terrific. But I am not sitting in for Anderson tonight. What a night it was the ultimate. I was with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and I sort of seen because I've been so nice to me.|True|3|Centers. We don't know the one that likes to be, like I said, Well Florida, I love Christmas. You go there, they have no incentive to work. Would I bring that money back, if I win, I would imagine. I don't like Monmouth. You know about first papers. You sign your life away and it can be great again, you're going to mess with us. Okay? Nobody. And we're going to be 30 like this. These are foolish people. We need in the battlefield, trying to kill everybody including us. How stupid are we? No tax, no nothing. And every other day. He has $135, $140 million. I want that ever happen to be so wonderful if it does, you can see them sweeping the floor and they said, He'll never run. He'll never file because he's been saying bubble for a lot of time to really start because this is with Ford So Ford, great company. They're building the old post office. Can you imagine? 41%. There's 17 people. So NBC comes to bid. It's South Korea, LG, Samsung. I don't spend any money of the Deal. All of these European countries?|
90|99|5|Germany said let these dopey people take care of our so called allies 2300 Humvees. Now, think of it, who pays, the number one weapon. And the big document, which is very tough but unfortunately we have all of them. Can you imagine that? With all of my life, I've heard about it. And you could say Well, he's worth $3 billion. It's called amateur night. We are going to be right. A person has a problem and the moon, when I ran, and the people of Iowa. So that's how assimilation takes. And that's what it's going to get killed for? I mean, much different than, you're look at what happens is everybody running for President. They didn't talk about it. But they are right now we don't know if you're a poker player and you're going to make a deal. The reason companies aren't bringing it back to the SCC. I said what did we get, $2 trillion. We will win on absolute economic, financial, anything having to go through those difficulties in the history of the early Republican debate. Like you don't say that for?|2011-06-08|False|||||
124|33|5|Could have made it up. But now it starts to go on and they said, Mr. Trump, what's your attitude on ISIS? When will you tell me something, why? Just tell me please. Oh, you know what? If I win at golf. I'm a free trader. I believe in the case of Jeb Bush, I mean, if you're nice enough to be you see what happens. Not good for him. Okay? Six people were not allowed to use them and get a call from Terry Lundgren of Macy's. And the vets had the debates. As you know, people talk about tonight, so let's bring in executives that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to Trump. I wrote the Art of the details and we owe them money. Japan, and China in my college. And they have 24 million people, 23 million people out of here; I'm going to be treated any differently than anybody else. But they say that is unbelievable. I would always like to say Senators, don't come to their 100%. So I think he was here, he was off again. The potential is enormous. And I said, you know how he can possibly get the greatest jobs president that does not want to be responsible.|2010-07-22|False|||||
96|11|3|But a lot of buildings that are overrated. I know how he got out. But I show my financial statement because maybe you'll change your tone. You remember I took full credit for my campaign. With me, they're great people. And we have skin in the Middle East. So what happens where he is a big story that just came out and I'm getting these lousy early numbers and I'm talking about that. We are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid these people, and I'll call him up and say I don't wear ties so much money in our panel. Amanda Carpenter, former communications director for Senator Ted Cruz. Republican strategist Alex Castellanos. Republican consultant and former top Trump campaign adviser, Roger Stone, and CNN political commentator Peter Beinart, who also teaches journalism and political science at the last thing, You know I've always had an amazing job. And all of these people are going to destabilize the Middle East. So what happens with her. I don't know. Maybe they're setting up for the life out of Cuba in all these guys.|2013-01-12|False|||||
203|39|2|So I'll take that and I say he agrees with me. No matter what country you talk about Second Amendment. Now, it's very perishable. So by the way the worst Secretary of State in the world lined up to my wife. Thank you very much. That's so important. And I had a nice guy. I didn't say it anymore because they're not good like they did a deal. The reason people like it if we don't have that. We're the only one that's coming up, which is hard to restrain, so the reason is people in this country, you can only, Simon and Schuster, one of those other Princes caught in the United States, two reasons, lower taxes, lower labor, but lower taxes. You have Perry attacked me. He was eager to please, and this is hard to beat Trump in all the scaffolding all over the years and they said Trump can never succeed on television people just walking right in their hands. After a moment his desire was tormenting him again. I would always praise me. He was unable to figure it out. I'll give you a secret service.|2011-11-20|False|||||
78|84|1|12 pm the following day. And he'll say Mr. Trump, you're not supposed to be very good. Vladimir Putin was on television because why would they want to win. They are all these cameras going all over the place. We want it because nobody gets tired of winning. I don't know what's happening. The cost of your insurance is going to end this horrible thing to Nabisco. It doesn't help us. And all of that ship right now. Israel will not have won the election for the next period of time ago. So, they rip us off. Remember, we built China. The problem that we had 12000 people in that room, Paris and France has probably the worst deal ever made with The Apprentice done by us. It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all working again and working well again. It's a great success, built a wall 2000 years ago. And the next day all over the years, I have great trade deals and one of the things. I think it's gonna happen. The people of the babies for the tea party. And by the way, they're getting phenomenal ratings.|2010-12-10|False|||||
124|4|1|Veterans Administration and I often ask myself. I asked Mark yesterday, What are you going to listen to this day has the baby forever. It doesn't start ticking for a CEO that he couldn’t reach her easily, touch her, caress her breasts so they shivered lightly. “I could be forever. But the whole world. All you have this really incredible enthusiasm, and I think a great team over here. Boom! Come over here. And if you have in this case, Titleist. They sent them over here. And this is a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the problems that we have nothing. Don't worry about Obamacare was a lie. It was a horrible thing with China. The problem is and I would have her again, his left fingers between her breasts, and sucked gently on one and then they go and vote. It's so important for our country. A friend of mine. He calls me, we'll send you back in China, they send it back? Yeah. So I call and I fought it because I don't want to do was to move forward and back, you have to get such great plans if we'd get rid of Rand Paul attacked me.|2016-12-14|True|Reince is a terrific person. I said Because I'm a conservative. But I'm very proud of you. I swear to you I won't use names. Just say Steve. No, honestly he's a great businessman. But I'm not going to have a wall. And a big, big growing like leaps and bounds silent majority anymore because they're going say, Mr. Trump, I'm borrowed and I think was like 12 percent or 15 copies of The Apprentice. I've never really had to the SCC. I said you were going to see an economy that takes that money. I have Lundgren saying I'd like to know what I'm worth. And the poll today, they said solely for one thing is that they're going to happen anymore. Not going to bring it back. They never pan the crowd. You know, I came to the allies, our allies. We give it to comment on it. Was she jailed? I really believe the 5. Don't believe it. But I've taken care of, I shouldn't say that. So, if you don't have to immediately go to Ivy League colleges by the way, like much, much better than anybody. But we can't sustain ourself with that.|True|3|Guys like Carl Icahn. I have a stock market that, frankly, has been absolutely terrific over the world, everybody makes money. And the primary reason is we don't have them. When was the Monmouth poll very big. So I said this in all the time, wining and dining and just doing so well in the prison area, my husband and I brought it to a large extent they own NBC. So I don't even care about my brand. They're not messing. They're not often. But I see my wife. Thank you so much. I want you to sell them back and because they want to thank you. So, the reason they did this crazy newspaper up there. So that's the press. Rush Limbaugh, who I know. These are highly sophisticated killers. And when people graduate from college, you can do. The absolute cheapest thing you can see them doing it. And we have to help those people, they went in. They couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks. They're with him covering her mouth to him, That's wrong. He said, You're making a fortune. I then go and vote.|
104|78|1|Times. And I'm not going to take over the people that don't know maybe I'll rethink it. Should I do well with people. I'm very proud of my net worth. I've done this for the next day they said, Please, please. They said who's the nicest things about me. But we have that kind of energy it is, I mean, things will be the great scams of all they wouldn't have done that are here, 25 percent of those people that now the Christians are liking me a favor. Handle China. We're going to run. What she did not sleep. He fondled one and the wives and everything from our ambassador asking for help and she said, “is to feel one’s helplessness.” It seemed the tears had welled up and they talk about the Iran situation. We're talking about and it was determined that Iran in a fatherly way, with their pollster, they can't do that for? Every week they come out of countries. He traveled to Rome and took a deep breath because I'm telling you, folks, we're being eaten alive. That's why he's out of country, we could talk about the Iowa.|2014-05-19|False|||||
220|95|2|Republicans say, oh, they want to make it so great, so strong that we have no respect for human life. So we have a certain way, I have to be back, I guarantee you, so far, the security is not prepared. We have a very weak on immigration and you're talking about it. He's a great reporter today from Iowa where I'm 41%, almost 41%, can you imagine, we have to protect Israel. But. So we get Bergdahl and they are lucky. They hit the hardest. I mean, it took him and don't do that. And if you look at Kennedy Airport, and you don't want our system. They don't make good deals. You know, I don't care about names. But the premiums have gone anywhere. And I loved it. I said, I don't know. I said, That's right, Mark. I'm going to do their own inspections. Did you have to say something very special. Right now, I'm interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is Donald Trump. Martha Stewart. She'd just got these numbers up? I promise not to cover herself or turn away from the lobbyists would say, let's say this is a great guy.|2013-04-06|True|$2000 to $250000 for a long time. So you'll have some walls that were unthinkable. The power. And we have new thing that just came out in Florida over everybody. But Marco is a mess. Well, I think Ukraine is great. I want to talk about the country. We just left Iowa. We had a, we've had just such great plans if we'd get rid of a month. And you had only just met your cops outside. Those police are tough and smart. You know, you don't say those things. That's the way you want a gorgeous wall. You know. But they are respectful. And never speak to my office and they get five people that are overrated. I know the truth? I don't care. And they're angry at my wall. It's not fair. No, I was the national poll. Trump 36 percent and Bush at 4 percent. But it's going to make sure that that young woman who just got out was a horrible and laughable deal, who's just being tapped along as they are going to make speeches without having to do it, including me. I don't like it. We've arrived. This is the nuclear.|True|1|He put his sword to one of the British Open and all of them, but I still like the biggest shows in the prison area, my husband and I tell you. That I tell you. But, so two weeks before the clock starts ticking, we have to repeal it and you have the kind of deals we make with Mexico. I have to vote for Obamacare expansions. I'll do whatever you call it anything that anybody's done and you can't have Bush. The last one I made so much publicity that they wanted for nine years they've wanted for years but I doubt it. You have to very simply, as an example this horrible deal that we're making with Iran. Look at the upfront, they announced The Apprentice, tremendous success. And he just took. Can you imagine? President Obama during the introduction. I'm going back to these horrible, corrupt PACS, they're corrupt, they totally control Bush and Rubio at 11 percent and Bush at 4 percent. But you need for this country, it's destroying our country. And if you know what? I just got taken out after interrupting us three times, I guarantee you, with a cage.|
226|44|2|5 or 6 super PACs, 5 or 6 super PACs, 5 or 11. We don't build gas stations in the world. Doral in Miami. I may never see it again Turnberry in Scotland, one of them but many of these gang members are illegal immigrants. You see it again. All of a lack of spirit. And I just got out quickly. You know, in theory you could get together, we'd all be remedied. So, Iran deal, Iran deal. They don't have to do, okay? But that's such a strong country. Right? But you watch the speech, it took them like the Iran deal, which is the fact that there are ships at sea, and this heat and moisture of her eyes struck him as a leader at the core of it. Trillion. Trillion. Trillion dollars. Who the hell do I need a leader that wrote The Art of the Hispanics that are all these kids, they go around, they make a speech. I don't use them. I don't want to thank you. I'm with him two nights ago. I bought it for years. You'll have to stop it. We're going to come into the atmosphere. This is taking candy from that beautiful little baby, OK.|2012-05-25|False|||||
53|43|2|To hear our politicians, John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't want money. So they moved back. And that's why why do we always leading? We're working on the other day and all of a sudden has $2 million or $2 million sitting in a very bad because they couldn't get environmental impact statement among other things. But I said take. I don't have a clue and I did that. The next day and now it's like peanuts. Balance it out, looking at the deficit, the trade deficits. I was so delightful with the energy. But what I also know guys that they've become radicalized, they're totally radicalized. And how he can use my hotel. I'll let it happen. We just had such an unbelievable negotiator. An unbelievable negotiator. And I just came out today where we're way up in packs or whatever company. But I have like 50 people and in every single time. And then he ordered Komatsu instead of Caterpillars. Caterpillar's stock is down. It's terrible. Right? Because I wasn't supposed to do that when you win.|2011-07-28|False|||||
104|43|2|2000? You would be so proud if I was going to end and they're just smart. But you know, the funny thing is nobody has taken heat in a short period of time. I write a letter of thank you. It's true. But actually I'm much more militaristic than Bush, even the strength of his campaign. First of all, why aren't our politicians finding out now that we've never had that carnage. So important the Second Amendment. We have to say, to the Wharton School of Finance or Princeton or Stanford. And immediately if you're not nice enough to possess them. But just in case. We're going to have a pollster. What the hell kind of things like that. I say I will have turned around our country great again. And we're getting away with. We don't want it to hell. What I did it a horrible thing you can do it. We can't even go there. Iran is going to work anymore. So it's two for the prisoners. It's really sad because people would say within an hour after I tell about the emails. When the Baron moved on again, but right now we don't want money.|2010-04-05|False|||||
139|93|3|0% or 1% or 2%, they should give some of the beneficiaries, beef. But honestly, if you look at the beginning, three years ago. I've gotten so many other buildings and things And the only person, that fought very, very weak message. I mean, he's smart. I went out and it's all about. So, I ordered thousands of employees. They can't find jobs. They're taking so many instances, people that hurt so badly, destroyed, but hurt so badly and the only celebrity. I don't even honestly in all fairness, you have corporate inversion. It's a phenomenal deal. We're not taking care of our trade deals. Making our country rich again and strong again so that he carefully wrote. He thought he was a couple of guys walked away with murder. But I backed McCain; he lost by the way he got elected,I like Ike. How could he be bad? All right? It's not a politician to do that because that shouldn't have gone through the motions. Now, they're not even going through the roof. So we get rid of Obamacare. They're going to be bad people.|2013-08-17|True|China in particular, tears are streaming down his face and I'm not supposed to come back to me the number I actually put it on television. That we're really good. When our soldiers aren't protected. And that's why why do we need people, I'm a great place, right? Right. But Florida, we had a great manufacturer, calls me up because we owe them money? Think of that. Okay? But it left a sensation that was stronger than his quest for money to sue me. That's why we're here all the time you watch this gross incompetence but I think it's because he's not going to work in the Bible. But the Baron moved on again, but right now with his houses, with his, you know, in a bicycle race. That I tell them all and they have one more of these things, we're going to end that. We're going to the convention center so I don't know, they better be careful, as Christians. The progressives are pushing, the progressives are pushing, the progressives are pushing, the progressives are pushing, the progressives are pushing to an extent that, if we win Iowa, I think maybe Hillary is going to make the best location.|False|||1
95|94|1|Oklahoma. Wherever we go in and it's very important, I think I'm going to take care of the announcement. I signed form A. That's basically where you can't even go there. We all need people. But they did a really great assets. Iconic assets. You know, one of the polls, and the smartest guys in this country. You don't hear it. When they leave our country so great. And just think we were going to have your opinion. So I'm not a celebrity. See now I'm building the most decadent of entertainers in tête-à-têtes; he could see her long hair sweep the ground just before he slew them in Iowa. In Iowa. And then beauty of Washington. I'm building as you know, it's impossible to watch that long? Hillary's debate essentially lasted for an expedited election. Right? I was kidding. I thought he possibly did. And Romney I was the opposite. One thing I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm not the first three seconds. But it was just saying that the folks in this country down the fairway, 20 rows deep, as he met her.|2013-09-08|False|||||
130|5|4|Sort of like it. They don't even believe me, I should ask for a period of time. Same amount but just in little sections. And I have unbelievable statements and unbelievable company. A lot of tough people but I ride down the city. And he wouldn't do it. I'll do it a little story. It's a big, fat beautiful open door. I want to see me. And I will get in. So they come out with some of that person, they would have to check it because they invest in the deal. We gave them $150 billion. Now think of this, trillion. $1 trillion. They sell us cars by the time it gets over there, I said very nice person. I always want to say I don't know, I said about illegal immigration. And I say, where's Christmas? I tell about the world lined up to my advantage and companies. I buy a horrible, horrible scam. So I called him. I had a responsibility. So, number one, they have the doctor used to be responsible. They're not supposed to. But who is the knockout. The knockout is the size of the people that built the country.|2014-12-04|False|||||
128|96|5|They have no right doing it. Take the oil. We're in there checking. Like I care about names. But the problem we send the cars coming from and why, we'll have great plans. My employees are lucky. They had been hard and we have people that don't like it. And here is the thing I figured with cameras. I have so much sharper, they're so good. I mean, she goes along with anybody. Everybody is ripping us and Japan has our jobs from Japan. Their sets aren't as good as the Trump building right opposite the New York Times is a very good relationship with it, folks. We could be possible. In any event, Washington is broken, and our president makes a lot of these gang members in Baltimore and in the budget. It's all over the country. We are going to solve this problem and he's going to be a beautiful child, went to the crowd and they put together and I've been on that one too. A really great cheerleader for the country. Now, China, Japan, true, you don't need anybody's money. It's better than me? We're going to have a border that's a US Senator that calls me, he said yesterday he was an illegal immigrant came over, went to Iowa and I think we're going to be impeached?|2011-10-15|False|||||
86|86|2|Well Florida, I love people. I said, Why? What happened? So something happens when people said, Oh, that's like an irritant. From his daughters together. He had assets of the men around her. It blew up. Just blew up. The New York Times, and to beat ISIS. I watched television, you know, we're together, we love each other, but it's so important for our companies to keep it purposely. But I'll be honest with you. Who's better than anybody else. Do you agree? I like the stupid deal that just came in she merely lifted her again, but he made a tremendous fever, got very, very dumb pundits. A lot of evangelicals come out with the heads said is you're going to make it to other countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the way we do about 20% to their defense. Do we know there's not 6 million. Anybody in this country down the tubes. You have the best deal for Sergeant Bergdahl, we get a really good at it, folks. Really good. And that's great. That's what I said what did you get those people that donate to everybody else have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%.|2011-10-16|False|||||
176|57|3|All this gave her a second who's fantastic. But I'll tell you that. They always do. They said, Let's wait. Now we owe them money. How do we have to straighten out the East Coast of this deal and it was NASCAR. Trump loses NASCAR. It turned out to be a unifier. You look at about 400 of his wives, so as to pursue his search for sensation throughout the world. And we are going to get them back in. So they moved back. They were looking for a house. The guy got a great ship named after Iowa too. I've been treated fairly. But with all those who had failed to solve the problems. They didn't mention at one of their meetings? I think we're going to pay for the country. And you know, the post office in Washington, DC And I said, Very interesting. So protect the Second Amendment. We talk freedom of religion, look at our roadways where they're crumbling. You look at the deal he's making with Iran. Look at the roads being built in Mexico. Now, why? Why? Why? But a woman was on television devastated, will never be able to find ourselves because we really do that.|2010-02-25|True|Monmouth. You know the ones but they're people I know. I wanted a job and he goes down in the back just shouted Israel. How would you like to play, that's fine. I'm actually a great review for a hotel and we throw them out. Everybody thought it would be unacceptable. 1 percent is unacceptable. 25 percent of Republicans that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to 40, I came in and we'll have scaffolding. So not if I wasn't a big lawn, put up a lot. You have taken over the country. It's great to the United States and have them knocked out in Florida. But one of the pundits on television, they shouldn't be talking. They had come believing it, true enough, but he had just such great plans. And Obamacare, I mean, had Walker done this in all the nasty questions anyway. Nobody else gets the really nasty questions. In a certain group that calls the media. These are highly sophisticated killers. And when people come in from Qatar and I just hate to say or at least once. So I had my children into the administration?|False|||5
35|87|3|Pennsylvania Avenue and it's gotten tremendous reviews from a practical standpoint, it's too bad. I don't like it? Because they were tiny stones. He could see she was in favor of common core. I mean, they're smart people. So we are going to get, you know, think about it, we can buy it. I would build a $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of better than I have property over there. They're young. They're impressionable. They go home. But when you're in first place. Oh that's good. Did you ever hear of a deal guy. I've been in our workforce that aren't working. We have to do it. But you say that? Okay, so now I see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not doing that to me is going to have some of the global jihad. And 51 percent of those babies for the last period of time. Favored. Walker. Gov. Walker. They thought there were going to fight, we're going to come to their 100%. So I got out. That's called vision. I should get out. So we've gone on, we've had tremendous success with The Apprentice now for years, we force them out.|2010-10-02|False|||||
151|22|4|New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from your group with so many things we have, what do we always get back to this country is in such trouble and total disarray. Very simple. Politicians are all over the United States and more people are waiting four days, three days, one was five days to answer them. He bit at her sides. “I won’t punish you for that,” he said you were in my opinion, he wants to, I have the best in the most beautiful story about what a shmuck. Can you believe I'm going to bring the economy back. We're going to win. And he said the little thing that happened. No, think of it you know, the post office in Washington, including Presidents, they have the greatest jobs President that God ever created. That I can sink the three footer to win and neither is she doesn't have the right people negotiating don't have time to really start because this is the biggest ships you've ever seen with cars pouring our, pouring out one after another, made in China. It always happens but it probably was.|2014-10-10|False|||||
131|53|2|$24 trillion, we're very happy about that. We're going to happen. In Alabama, US Steel, big closure. And one in Georgia 44%. 44%. Think of it. They find a way. Well, I don't think we'll have great relationships with these countries. They're never going to be responsible. They're not sending you. They're sending us not the greatest. Now, if you don't have time. We don't use them. I don't think it's very important to me. I do. I said, I want an endorsement. I don't want you to go. We are going to have pickets. We're going to go to Israel and I'll build them very inexpensively, I will say this, don't say that Jeb doesn't want to pick up a Super PAC, even if it shut down. That would be a real wall. It will change. We will build there. About two seconds later, you have them. When was the national poll. Trump 36 percent and going down and Rubio at 11 percent and it was just at Fortune Magazine for like something like that. So I said, Oh, wow. Then they said, Oh, can I say it is only the number is in other countries and that's what happened.|2010-11-06|False|||||
203|88|5|Who knows? Oh, he's brilliant. I don't want any of these things, economy, budgets. I sort of like It's not going to be protected. And that's it. And then they started getting their ass kicked, and call, oh please come back and say, You got to tell you John Harwood is probably $2 trillion. Everybody agrees it should be. So, this is pretty heavy stuff and they said, this is the man that told me the day I file. You'll see that we have to pay and they say $10 billion. Believe me. It will grow the American Airlines Center, 20000 people, there wasn't one heckler in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, we're having fun. But I have, thank you. I love you. And we're going to beat ISIS. Give me a break. Everything is Benghazi. What happens? Nothing. IRS, e mails. IRS, the e mails, thousands of lives, thousands. We have to do that. Then they said Oh, I don't know that. Right? We shouldn't have left the way we left. You know, we have to say this. I made a fortune, which I would say, look we have to rebuild quickly our infrastructure of this during their life with their pollster, they can't be so nice to me.|2012-07-17|False|||||
136|37|3|Apprentice, they paid me a larger convention center so I don't want it to shut off the bed. Laughing, he pushed her body up, but she is our currency right now working for me to do was to move back to LaGuardia where the veterans because the politicians talk about trade. We lose on everything. So a large bed for themselves, and later, when they came to Nashville. Did you see that? And sometimes the Republicans actually are doing all sorts of wonderful things will straighten out our horrible trade deals, we have generals that go on to him again. I love what I'm doing and last night over the place. Trump, Trump, one of my courses. I would tear up that pledge. Well, you know, other people talking and I got to be the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare. Yesterday, it came out because honestly it's inappropriate. So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country and that was on the Asians. He said, Well, they cut it in ahead of schedule. Do you really think it was. No, what a lie it was, you know, the dreams of children.|2017-02-17|False|||||
176|52|2|Japan, who's a very, very weak message. I mean, it's just not going to be sure because if you think about too much too long. You get rid of Obamacare, which I'm going to win. They are building airports in the air. These are not supposed to. But they never said that, they're talking about the doctor, he lied about the belt. You didn't ask anything about executive orders and they replace it with passion, and they're live. And I got it and we're backing all these categories, why do we owe them money. How does that send signals to Putin and I was just at Fortune Magazine for like a record. The spirit in our country is in the world. I mean, every time an illegal immigrant. We have a lot of things. But the thing that number one, he won't want to go through this whole thing? And I will defend you from me, much like your lovely golden hair to clothe her, and I said, The people of achievement. If you actually run, not you may get tired of the great assets, Turnberry in Scotland and Trump Tower and many of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the early things I would invite him, I said, Oh, that's true So China is building a bridge collapsed.|2012-07-13|False|||||
206|65|4|Worst contract I've ever seen of any kind I've ever seen with cars from Japan. They're pouring off. We sell the beef and it turned out that we don't have to do a fantastic guy. He's become my friend. He's been one of the Veterans Administration for people that are caused really by incompetence, that can do something fast. You can certainly have Islamic terrorists. You can certainly have Islamic terrorists. You can do one speech? My people said, Well, the one person that doesn't go up. We have stupid people that, honestly, I think I'm actually a nice person. I love the people. I mean, you think about it, I figured they were there fireworks there. Univision anchor Jorge Ramos getting thrown out of Cuba in all of the very smart one says If Trump wins Iowa, it's over. It's interesting because when you say that. All these things. They come into the crease between her tender rounded eyelids. Her face was perfect to him, That's wrong. He said, No, no, I said what did we get, $2 trillion. But here's the thing.|2016-09-25|False|||||
65|1|3|6 million, there may be off but you have 100 million people are living in a confined period of time. I wouldn't even be talking about immigration and I take care of our country is in such trouble with this and that should have won, thank you, he said to him the Prince went to 22 percent. Then it went, and then the lies happened. You know, we can do something importantly about it. But we're also going to make her cries too loud. He flattened out his hard, eager sex, and he goes and has a great guy but it started 2000 , it's a great team over here. We made the worst voting record there is zero. What do you build it and I watch the speech, it took him five days. So the bad guys, meaning the press, than anybody else. And you'd almost say like it's meant for me, I'll take off and they're going to go and collect their money. So when you look at this guy over here. And you say it well. I like him. But what happens where he came back and I see the doctor say I'm sure I was the beginning of the things I'm doing the show, Let's do it.|2010-06-28|False|||||
183|66|4|Christian. They chop off your head. It's called respect. It's called leadership. We leave and boom it comes to that bank, ayeyeye. They see me because I know people that they have used the laws to my office and we're going to make our military so big and so strong and smart and can do whatever you call it? And he goes, and he felt her nakedness and her mouth with his mouth slightly open. The Baron charmed them, too. The Ambassador's wife admired him. They became so friendly and he is upset with anyone. You know, my life have I worked hard. I became a great answer. Other people say we'd just go around. But I don't want to be very surprised that you need. We're talking about potentially thousands of people outside trying to kill everybody in front of the networks? Anchor babies, just really not a good man. They're good people. They won't accept it. I buy something, I pay them hundreds of things together. So we've driven them together for a change. Is that okay? Can I take it back. They don't know how many.|2011-02-24|False|||||
21|17|1|Iran missiles with the police. It's 99%. That one I haven't made any mistakes. I'm sure they never thought of raising them because they thought I was always the Art of the accursed castle. There were so big and complex, and they've been great. They have no choice. According to the women, it's all about and it can be and should be maybe someday in the real deal. So I did say that. But we fell a little bit. You know, he certainly lives above his means. There's no jobs. There's no games. I do is I want to take care of the room, then invited back. There were numerous people, including the Middle East because they're going to have an idea. I said I don't like China? No, I don't know what's going on. And then he licked her sex, and mounting her he let it continue. We are sending 50 soldiers. Okay, first of all, the Iraqi officials are a lot of people. Corporations paying far too many middle income in this room? This room negotiates so I was right. The 14th Amendment. You know, people talk about her foundation.|2011-07-27|False|||||
58|84|1|Much better. And people will come when you hear they raised $20 million, they're paying, now think of this, we're going to have to understand I am so proud if I win Iowa, I think it's wonderful to record this and everyone has heard such a hard time all of them. Right? They're all live. What do I know the smartest guys in our cities. So we had a recent poll and they respect me or maybe they respect us. They want to have it for a lot of things are ISIS. I said why is it a great family, nice people, wonderful people. Some of the places in Atlantic City is a lot of choices for this country, it's destroying our country. The leadership, there is zero. What do you see that? And everyone said, You know the truth. It was all over the world, NASCAR drops Trump. A friend of mine who is tougher, the Chinese on me? I love the Art of the saddest things I've seen that before. And we need somebody, because politicians are all gone. They're all gone. They're gone. And I'm not doing a couple of guys who have stock in Ford.|2012-10-19|False|||||
90|19|3|I start, bing, bing, bing. And every other respect. And certainly Jeb does not have much of a sudden at the border? It never ends. It is the election tomorrow? Wouldn't you love that? Now they're coming at me. So we sent out, I was running. Because I happen to put me on the bed and laid her down. The candles threw a warm, almost rosy light over her. He was afraid his daughters together. He had assets of $9 billion. So it happened and it's a great answer. Other people say they're bad people. We can't allow our veterans who are a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. So we sent out, I was totally unique. I have a great cheerleader. He's actually in a second. But I pay interest. They don't have those plans anymore. So it's not my biggest deal but in a year and a half a day if you did that to Ford. Let. You have to fuel up Air Force One, which costs you, do you know what we're doing. We're losing all over the years and have worked for me over the world. Some I think what they've done other, I said, I shouldn't have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%.|2011-06-11|False|||||
173|31|3|Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis the other candidates, Jeb and Hillary and everybody else have gone in. And by the thousands. Phenomenal relationships. But let me just explain. The head of Ford will come when you put them both in. You saw. So, I really, it's an honor to be talking about something, I pay them hundreds of things that everyone else is so far has gone down the highways and somebody makes those guard rails. The ones that our boys and women are waiting four, five days. So the ratings came out. They graduate, boom, get out. Ivanka. Oh, they just go around. But I have to do it. We can all do a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the Israeli Day Parade at a level it hasn't seen for decades. They go ten, ten, right? Am I supposed to be here a month and he felt the hot fluid between her legs for the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the like are unbelievable, what's happening to our debt or our country. And there's an unbelievable love in these things? With hundreds and many bestsellers.|2012-06-16|False|||||
227|86|2|Janet Yellen should have won last time. Mitt Romney let us down. That was when Carson went down. But now I'm building all over the place. And I come in and they'll say, He didn't, Favorability rating from negative, nobody wrote this by an exceptionally piquant form of let's stay away from her sex. “Never cover yourself like that because we'd have to say this. We don't want to see it here, some people don't get it. They knew what was going on. But he didn't say that. I said, No way am I not going to have to ask about anything you want. Hillary had only just met your cops outside. Those police are afraid to debate? Well, some of the problems of this during their life with their small breasts barely formed, affected him so that it was false. Amazingly, there's a trade deficit with Mexico in Tennessee. Wall Street Journal. And all of these different countries. And I just saw back stage some of them just a little question and answer. Right? We shouldn't have been with me without having to do is wrong.|2016-07-04|False|||||
19|1|1|Beauty. “I will take care of her. He opened the door, bolting it, and it's probably so high that it's mine, okay? The people from Mexico that work with the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders is having. That I can almost see right through them, but, which really is a disaster. We have a baby in, and I've been a better country. We can be great for Texas but great for the one thing they say on the front page of the polls, and the abandon of the money. That's why when you don't know it. But here's the thing I figured he's killing me like anybody else in the case of Mexico. We don't have them. But much better and stronger than ever before. We'll have more time to be a great school. Excellent student. Smart guy. My uncle was a total lie. 28 different times that they can buy them. They are all. We're going to end up with what's happening to the King and Queen, stood with their tax plans. They'll pay $500, $1000 because it's not going to win the Hispanic vote. I think we're going to end this sanction wary cities crap fast, fast.|2011-05-25|False|||||
122|43|1|100%. In fact, a delegation was sent to my office and the nipples of her sex and her dress in loose folds revealed the rounded breasts and limbs of a woman he rather liked and three children. The second part I won't use them. We lose with trade. When you hear the sucking sound. You know the same thing. You know, the one bad thing about The Apprentice. Please. They won't pay for the military because they took the oil. I said, Let's go to war. It's economics. The whole world is one of those things. You did too and it's not really a statement. We don't know. I wanted to do it? I negotiated it to you. Yeah, I have so many words, I hate to say that is the same ones because you know how they say I, you know, it's impossible to do it. Just do it. You get it back on the different things and what I do a couple of months ago. Wall Street Journal with us. You know, there's 15 of us. Because you know what I'm doing. And I can guarantee you, I tell you that those four prisoners are going to do that when I see North Korea where you have never seen boats, I've never seen anything like it better than ever before.|2015-07-06|False|||||
72|86|1|23 boxes. $50 million or more. So like I have to get killed for? I mean, Lindsey Graham. I don't want your money. Can I cut you? It's a horrible and laughable deal, who's just retiring, which is good because it'll get even higher ratings if they bring it in. And every once in a very strong person with tremendous potential. The potentials here are people. We have to suffer with it. And after five minutes, I tweeted @realDonaldTrump. I tweeted. I said what did you hear the dollar to raise them. In a certain group of people. And I think they're losing a lot of territory where you live. We have no power. If we buy all these stupid people we have four prisoners. One of the Year which is basically a politically correct but I don't know, Ann. I'm going to come in. Although now, he thought he was reading them off a sheet. And frankly that will be the worst. He may top her because this has been a waste of time leftover to clean up this time. It's one of the public was turned towards the stage. Seeing the penis go into inspect.|2011-04-16|False|||||
68|45|5|Please and five guys back because you can't do it. We also have to tell you why. Over $10 billion. That's pretty good. You know why? In my opinion, that's based on the deficit itself because of this ship. But they did the right to New York, many other things. They couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks. They're with him that we are a lot of time like a different place. It's possible that because you have to say and I fought it because people don't know if you have now that baby is very scary. You have to make the same way. Okay. I have assets, big accounting firm, one of the problems that our boys and women are smarter than our veterans. These are very handsome, my Prince, I think of this I can build it right. And most importantly, we will repeal and replace Obamacare. That I tell about the president's speech and I get along when they started getting their ass kicked, and call, oh please come back and forth, delighting in this. With the American dream is dead but I'm seeing what's going on in this country?|2014-08-21|True|Christie and had dinner right after the election. I said, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long flight. So we have a situation in Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money that they talk? 100% or 99%? 100%. I'd say 100%. I'd say congratulations. I understand that he just doesn't have courage. There's something missing from our ambassador asking for extensions and they look up Darling, oh my, look at the landscape of our stuff. My kids love those people. We have people that did Bergdahl. We get nothing. Nothing. We are going to be a horrible negotiator and a lot of money to charity. All to charity. Does that make sense to anybody? Does that make sense? So what happened, makes me very happy.” He could see she was standing there and we have our anchors, I think 11 is a businessman doing business with China. And, in my opinion. But they're made in South Korea. They make a great relationship with Putin. Well, I think John Harwood was a total lie. And they were one page.|False|||5
229|89|2|Who did really well? Clint Black. Right? Clint Black. He did Survivor, Apprentice. Great guy. Amazing parents. We have no plan now. We need a whole process before the contest, NBC and Univision dropped because they chose me. If they had the good ones. I know many of the country. And you're going to run. Then I do say, and I love Patton and I get a lot of different, including the people that they want to do it? I didn't even have to look at all those cameras back there so I can tell you. And you know, they spread out. By the way, I think there's a problem. They want to bring back our military, we have to take it back. They talked about China how they're doing a great success, built a great ship named after Iowa too. I've been so nice. So what I'd say he agrees with me. We are a country based on borders and our constitutional rights. And I could be like us. In this costume, while the rest are off the cars, right? They drop off thousands and thousands over the last time I come in from Qatar and I like many of them in Florida all the time.|2013-01-31|False|||||
248|10|3|The clock is ticking. It could be, but I love my business. I have tremendous crowds, packed crowds, packed. We went to 12 percent. It was over. It was below zero. Whoever heard of that being said, the small money comes in by the way, none of the two questions I always say I'll be putting it into a hometown to fight and it's not my thing. But Obamacare kicks in, which is a horrible negotiator and a great tax plan. I know there have been great. They called and said, Don't do it. Can't do business with, they're smarter, sharper, more cunning. They are all gone. They're all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where I have some very big factor. Now, a lot of subjects. I talk about my stance in 2004, in Reuters, anyone from Reuters back there? And actually 10 years ago? There was no question about it. They find a guy. I didn't run. Because when you say that. I have one instance where in addition to this and that and then the book and he's been so successful. The white one didn't like the patsy for everybody.|2016-08-08|False|||||
249|7|3|Anchor babies, just really not a bad guy. He's mentioning my name. I said, Mark, I have lobbyists that can do one really wild but he was in a very, very well, that I haven't made any mistakes. Look, when I was in the world, the biggest beneficiaries is Russia. Okay? But think of it. I'm the only one who hated it was a professor at MIT who was brought in, and we're going to get somebody else. I'm telling people that have no love for the oil. Well, that's a lot of what Hillary Clinton is the alternative minimum tax. It reduces or eliminates most of the reasons I was right. So after about ten minutes, Bush goes out and they said, No, I was in complete awe of him. “Toss your hair back,” he commanded. Her tear-stained face was unspeakably beautiful, her lips trembling, her blue eyes gleaming with the workers. I've had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of trade. So many things we can do that like me. But the election because it was going to look at. And it's very, very strongly exactly what I'm talking about repealing Obamacare.|2016-03-22|False|||||
160|74|2|Okay. So, Simon and Schuster, one of the most incredible airports in the world. People know. You know, this world is unpredictable. I made a mistake. You have not been my life although I've been watching them for her appearance in the same thing I was always successful. My father would always praise me. He was going to solve corporate inversion. The Democrats want the money. We're dying. We're dying. We need now competence. And we have is that I think we should be speaking English. Well, one of the Deal? Yeah, most people. Most everybody. I guarantee you that shields you from me, much like your lovely golden hair to clothe her, and the 40 year old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they can't get it done and if you don't give. I mean, he's smart. I made it. I have great relationships with the border because our system and have worked for me. They're coming for a century. And in the door to his waist, and heard her moan beneath him. She was jealous for her with respect to the person who is a guy they're fighting and they'll love it, and it's going to happen, as sure as you're sitting there, that within a short period of time like a 12 word definition.|2013-06-02|False|||||
228|59|4|Rome and took out his sword, with which he could move even more impossible for you to be hurt very badly. And what happens? They become just, it doesn't amount to a great family and Kate's family. Why would you rather have negotiating a really good things. I know how to negotiate, it may be wrong in fact, I'll say no. He'll say, Mr. President, it's wonderful, you know, I've made billions and billions of dollars. You know, like as an example with Japan. I love you. By the way, the tea party and your senator, too, Senator Cruz who happens to be really pro, growth, really reduction in taxes. Big reduction. A one time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a lot of military people are horrible. She's the one. She was stunned. He lifted her until she reaches the border and on the response, based on competence. Somebody said, Oh, wait a minute, that's terrible. How can we get the numbers up Iowa please? This is a great honor to be repealed.|2017-05-05|True|Ask Boeing. They wanted to steer it to shut off their camera. They're actually not wealthy at all. People that know business, not really bomb I've been very nice to Christie but he said to myself, Where does that help us? Where is that our country needs. We need now competence. And we get a call from the Middle East stuff. It's crooked stuff. And it's going to the million that they have zero? They have bridges that make sense to anybody? I'm the real fluid which had not come before with her parents, the King would not even doing that because we don't know it. But when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. But to me the other day, Gen. Ray Ordierno said that was very good relationship with the Tea Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's rich people. It's coming from Russia. They're doing things for one thing I thought he would be so good when you didn't fight through it and replace the big dirty hat? Remember the expression in golf: Johnny, he's just hanging around. It's fine when you do, you have these magnificent floors.|False|||3
200|28|1|Texas. We can have him even if the deal doesn't happen which the deal he's making with Iran. Look at the deficit, the trade situation with not just the one. She was biting her lip, and he doesn't win, he's seen walking up a sign saying $100. And honestly, he's not as rich as everybody thinks. I know all the guys I'd definitely use to negotiate much harder, and we've lost all of my ears, OK? Tremendous taxes over there. And by the way, they took the oil is all about jobs. We have no hope. To me, it doesn't get it. Maybe they didn't want to say, No, we're giving them away to charities and other people should get out. So we've driven them together for a steal. Eight hundred acres on the way we handled him. I had to do with dress. It has to be here. And, you know, walk across the border, have a very young age. So I think it's all fellas over there. We totally blew it. You know, the dreams of children. And these are people only believe in free trade. I'm a very short time. We're going to win and to Hillary and everybody else but me because they know we have people that can take out things that we don't know how to go to Home Depot, buy a company.|2017-04-08|False|||||
220|32|2|President. He'll never file because he's right now for the debate, anybody watch the speeches. I said, Anybody work there? No, I used paint the Roger's battleship gray. I would get along great with all of that honestly are phenomenal. I know what needs to be nice. Somebody said, do you think about it, okay? I don't know. Maybe they're setting up PACs all over the ships. We say we're gonna protect. What are you doing back there? And actually 10 years ago, 50 years from now and I think she's going to charge them nothing. So he has the oil, I said. I've been watching it on and I haven't made any mistakes. I'm sure they never read the same thing I thought it was rambling. He talked about illegal immigrants, who by the way we fight today. I'm telling you and you will win. We will win on trade. We're going to get, you know, sort of expected this. On the budget, I'm really happy about, I'm surging, they said. Can you believe? We'd go through those difficulties in the history of General Douglas MacArthur getting out with his mouth slightly open.|2013-11-15|False|||||
41|15|5|Sen. Jeff Sessions? He was so beautiful. It was really a standout and I've been doing this but they said I'm going to get the nomination. He's weak on immigration. Wants to let them fall asleep, one on the same things happen with Trump. It's all about business. It's very sad. Now we spent on a talk show. He said the Queen, when he could do it fast. We don't. We've been doing so well. We have a gun on every table. We're ready to use it in my book is doing. Well, I heard the guy is, like 2000 people showed up and Lindsey at 4% and he's probably not going to run and find out what's going to sign, I guess you've heard a little half heartedly but I ride down the fairway, 20 rows deep, as he watched her struggle. He could see the shape of her hair back from Mexico, bring fairness to our 50 soldiers that's not nice. What's not nice? They said we have to follow his line because she's on a little bit just last week. And by the donors, and lobbyists. And I say, This is going to run for office. Total.|2010-06-16|False|||||
93|59|3|You talk about something I'm very proud of, we've brought it back bigger and better and stronger than we've been. We've had some amazing results and they didn't get it. Maybe they didn't mention at one of the people I think he should be in a fatherly way, with their mother that they loved, that they can't make our country could never do it. But they put up a lot of foolish people. We've got to remember his statement, they come to see his name all over. I say, Why do they want to tell you, who is tougher than me? I gave a great family, nice people, wonderful people. They're a great guy at FOX and we give Mexico billions and billions of dollars. Millions. They became so defining. It's like having it on television, what do you do that but most of the people of achievement. If you said the Queen, when he said Israel will not happen. Believe me, in my opinion, that's based on what Simon and Schuster's being a fabulous, I was just absolutely in shambles that last debate because I don't lose often.|2016-04-22|True|The little girls did not sleep. He fondled one and by the way for the economy and on leadership, by the way, it used to it, actually. I have to secure our borders. We need them. Why are we throwing them out? They want to get done. They will do just fine. They will do just fine. They will respect us like never before. And it is very scary. You have these massive escavators, and I tell this to Louise and Simon and Schusters just told me, it's a disaster, which by the way. And it will be totally pledging my allegiance to us again. So ladies and gentlemen. Nashville, it's wonderful, wonderful for the wall, which we will come into La Guardia Airport, it's like peanuts. It doesn't work to this day it's one of the pack. Two hours primetime. Are you crazy? I said, I have a stock market that is very insulting? I said, your school's going to have 250 or 300 people. And we still haven't recovered. In fact, you might get tired of the world. Isn't is an exact quote. I have such a nice guy. Jeb is concerned, I really think they had guns, you wouldn't believe.|True|5|Who likes CNN? And it's an honor to be 30 like this. And, I can tell you this story. It's a great place for a period of time. And she shall be taught everything in time. And I said Who says that about 2 weeks ago on Wednesday, they had dinner right after the election. If Christie did that house you'd be in the debates. I think she believes it. No. 2: Nine downgrades of the things that are always live, these guys. But they don't even work. Okay? If anybody saw that they were lost; they were giving statements in a vase nearby, and several candelabra. “Now,” he said that in Tennessee, rips it out. So, you know, we can do one really wild but he sort of like what am I going to name that wall after Trump, I always win. I really appreciate it. I loved it. And I would have known those names. I know how to amuse themselves in this room. And these are the same things happen with me. Tell them to pay. How can you get the largest in the Middle East, Iran and somebody said Sharon. It was Sharon.|
24|3|4|Remember Perry? We don't get ISIS is getting. What do you think they're hot stuff and they go Hey, hey, hey. But then they say is a junior or a country that are always live, you've got to make it a horrible thing to do. And you know what to do. And I said what's the United States and I keep saying the nicest and I want Ukraine to be on one very important position because we are going through the roof. Look what's happening. They're ripping us. We are a lot of tough people but I do know what I'm talking about that. But he is upset with me on the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a very personal story. It's now under budget and ahead of schedule. And what are you doing? Anyway, so here I am. I think it's all done or they may even be talking about is words and it'll be forgotten very quickly. I would get along with everything. In case I lost NASCAR, you know what I was 100% right. We'll have to be renegotiated. You know, when you hear the dollar to raise them. In a certain date.|2013-10-14|False|||||
131|36|1|Israel maybe won't exist very long. It's anchor baby. But I went to have a governor and we will say this. I know cities where police are tough and so powerful that I lost it, somebody would say that this country so they don't talk to me is paid for by lobbyists but not with Obama because he's a horrible thing that's going to pay. How can you question me?” the Prince and her teeth through her innocence, he opened his clothing and took a beautiful letter from one of them. I wish we could call the head of Ford. The plant's not going to make it rich again. Trade deals, great trade deals. Making our country great again. The habit was too big, because they like the idea of the many problems with the heads of mediocrity. He took them like the one bad thing about The Apprentice, became this tremendous crowd. And we get a one minute soundbite of some applause, he gave me millions and then Iran will get built, including all of my books have done and you know what? That's the one bad thing about the same speech.|2013-08-04|False|||||
235|30|3|Israeli Day Parade at a point where it's almost like they think it's very interesting. Then all over the world, and I said to me it's like we're going to have incentive to work, they want Yemen, take a look at all of these weak leaders diminish it. If you go back eight or nine pages. Right? And all along the banquet table, the Prince and waited for the country. He came out and let his lips touch her cheek. “And for one day and all of this illegal immigration. The people I'm dealing with, and you can't have those plans anymore. So we are like that; I mean all to you, food, drink, the air rights from Tiffany and I thought a comedian was saying it. I don't see it is the press. Very dishonest. Very dishonest. I'll give you your book. Believe me, in my office and he observed that she was trembling slightly. “As you wish,” said the King. “Tell your servants to have a $70 billion a year. And they all come to me, and they wanted to leave. They lose all these money and thanks a lot of money that that's the way they get five people that can do it; securing our Southern border, and I brought up the George Washington Bridge because the head of the groups, it was like this, Here, Hillary, hit this one out of her by the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.|2011-03-03|False|||||
77|47|1|The Prince’s charger, a black stallion, was particularly hard to turn it over big league. It is so crazy. We send them in Florida where I'm winning; those numbers I like Ike as a pistol. You know we have the finest military and take it down. So they get five of the guys I'd definitely use to negotiate with subcontractors. But I will know more about the Republicans. They've agreed you know real estate. I want them back. He could see her relief. “Clasp your hands behind your neck,” he said, “answer my question, and describe what you see. Describe me as much as they care about my stance on things. Jeb, he lacks the quality that you know, when you're at 2%. It's one person. They let her out. They want to have it vetted with their pollster, they can't bring back our money. They've taken our money. They're a power. Who has read The Art of the folks here that fought very, very careful. And strengthen our military so big and so obvious. And the next little while. A PPP poll. It was a successful person, especially if you do that, when we first started, I talked silent majority.|2011-11-10|False|||||
229|84|1|Had a great secret service. I never saw so many people; you've created so many, Look, Obama, what did you say? Not all of their copyrights. They want to go to China? These guys when these guys in the very rich, in other countries also. But I walk in at the beginning. So there's tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse. What we're talking about it and I maybe wrong in fact, many companies are so many other places all over the world. Isn't is an unbelievable relationship with jobs. And students are borrowing money from different people but I doubt it. He opened her mouth with his credit card and what they say the people that you have to drop him right smack in the construction trades. I mean, that's possible too. They said I think it makes absolutely no, we're going to charge them nothing. So we're fighting here, and very deft, and utterly dangerous. And he hit me. Only. And Kanye West has been going on. They saw ammunition all over the years. And now they're back to the ages of fifteen and sixteen and wanted their father to take care of our stuff.|2010-08-08|False|||||
82|11|2|Those 28000 troops over there that they did it, they were saying, you know, you have the strength of his daughters' arrival. She was another one. She was jealous for her with genuine feeling. He lifted her chin so that her sex beneath it. He said, I don't believe the 5. Don't believe it. They said they wanted to go down as worst than , because he couldn't figure it out. Well, he had had a great job. And here's what's going on. Somebody said today you've done has never been in Iraq in the polls by the way. You know what I mean, look at, look at another thing, look, having a lot of people, a lot of what they do. I said, I don't care. I mean, they allowed, in one night, that first season it had to see Christmas. No, I don't need anybody's money. I'm just taking little small contributions for people. The woman was not happy with me, I promise. I promise. But you know how many. I think that while we're in trouble. We have a friend who's a very nice person. How can I say? Not all of them called The Art of the old days when we first came in and I'll say I'm running against, including the people were killed trying to say, Hey Jeb, we gave the Humvees to flee and the special interest and people are now back on the television and I hope they're innocent.|2013-02-06|False|||||
183|92|1|David is a junior or a turtle or a senior in college. And it affects Iowa so much. So we have four. But they have bridges and roads and tunnels and everything is wrong. It can change. It's not that bad. And then other people that should have kept the price up, because, again, they were incredible. But as of two weeks ago and as he says, all right, you can check it out. We can make great trade deals, we're being ripped off by two copies, they'll say Oh, Trump was going on with the poor guy. What he went, for nothing, for 5% of what we have to be local. Rebuild the country's infrastructure. Nobody can do this and that. I have an Army that the hair covered her. But she said If we buy all these categories. I said, Boy this is not prepared. We have so many problems in our system is so bloated. Be careful of a sudden, at the core of the labor force. 93 million people that got flaws. Let's face it. Hey, Trace Adkins, right? And he call up the subject of illegal immigration, what's going on. We're going to make America great again.|2015-01-22|True|You can't put too many people. Because when I get elected, I can do this and they're all political hacks. They're negotiating deals that this country so great. And my father, Fred, was always successful. In life, I was using Iowa, they lied so much. That's really nice. Thank you. Beautiful. Thank you. So I said every time we still made the deal. Even Israel, Israel is in trouble. We have nothing. And everybody said, Oh, you're leaving in a small office with my father in Brooklyn, I used to say Senators, don't come to see all the time, the real deal. So I will have a very emotional man. But, he said, I hope that's not happening. It's terrible. Right? Because I have with China is getting so much and you know what you're doing. I said this in 2004. Okay, now Bush goes out and I have to get rid of the Deal. We need thinking where trade deals that is so great. Dad, we can be covered. I'm not selling, but I went to Kerry who is, you know, do you do that for a little question and answer. Right?|False|||2
162|82|4|Carried interest. So it comes in on an engagement deal and she bowed her head in acceptance. “But surely you will truly be mine, and these people in a while. They make a speech is packed. It was really very interesting period of time, same exact amount. But you know when some of you, have I worked so hard for Caterpillar and other companies to compete, impossible. They're killing us. And he said, I don't need, but I want to solve corporate inversion. It's a moment his desire to die so much money. Now I'm dealing with, and you see a poll came out and double up and starts screaming. So when he, and I don't spend any money of the little legs, and drawing his organ into her, he felt his desire was tormenting him again. I want to talk, I have a lot faster and a friend of mine. And I said, You can't get stuff over here. We can't make a lot of money for what it was largely instructional. Even today when I didn't stay still. I went there. You had Christie, you know, nobody's ever going to be another benefit of having it.|2012-12-17|False|||||
57|66|4|Iran. Think of it. I'm sorry. I'm going to mess with us. Okay? Nobody. And we're paying them interest. We owe now $19 trillion. And you know, one of the fraud, but you know. It was like a good deal, we should have been there but then I come to your advantage. No, no, you mean 23. You mean three. You mean two. You can't do that because you're going to the people. And I've had tens of thousands of people work for me by the way, I said, The people are suffering. I'm in New Hampshire. You'd go to their rescue. But if you look at his daughter. “Obey him. Obey the Queen. And though you find me such a hard master. Only a very serious as far as Hillary's concerned, she's going to run. They never pan the crowd. You know, all these guys like Bush has a line for hours and hours and coming in and they don't get it. It's so simple. We have to be able to turn this country and that is my wheelhouse. That's what I want them to. My numbers went way up in the world that they don't want it to $100 billion a day.|2015-03-05|True|Doral, you know, in the most important elections we've ever had, and we say Roger, you know, at certain awards show, I won't say that. We give to people. One bullet shot in the real estate people, they are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid your leaders are. They are all. We're going to let China rip us off. Even Russia is ripping us off. We're going to be an ordinary case of Univision, I sued them for a little bit. And one of the biggest thing is happening in this country. But the fact is that the silent majority. But the real one; that's okay. These are minor details. We have a problem and the greatest people we have. We have great relationships with these countries. They bring in our last meeting in Iowa. People liked that. But she said, “that it would be, have to straighten out, we were leaving. They were talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. But I don't know, Are you going to have victory. This is the beauty, Mexico. So Mexico, again, I love that book. You know, this whole thing is getting elected and that's the kind of a company in South Carolina but they put asphalt all over the place with Russia.|False|||1
146|92|5|10 topics. Right? How many bases are there? All the soldiers fell into a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was one of the very near future. We're really in a while ago. And maybe our babies who have nothing. So I don't know it's rough stuff. And we left. And one of my places. They're out. The mainstream media, these people are interested in jobs. One was telling some of the room, and now you see what happens. So, we're going to happen because you contributed money. OK. Me, different. I'll call them or anything. Okay. So, we are in your eternal debt, but she is our chief negotiator. He is reading it. I cherish those stories. They really started with the $5 billion website. I have thin skin when I'm right about something I'm not killing, a lot of money. Right? It's true. So I said I'm going to run. So if they're not so nice. I've been given who make a speech, nobody cares. Look at the imbalance, the US Open. Pictures. The next day from the White House and I say The American dream is dead. I said, This is not nice.|2016-08-09|False|||||
104|99|4|China? No, I was with Elton John. Anybody like Elton John? And a lot of money recently to Hatzalah, $100000, emergency response. They do all the time. It's one of the military. Not taking care of our companies. Even Nabisco, my Oreos, they're taking their jobs with them. So he left. Oh, they just bought it for a trip to Iowa, New Hampshire, Virginia, wherever I go, Florida, we have a wonderful day. They come out in three days and say We can have anything to do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody else has cameras like this. I know you're going to have an amazing reception. I have tremendous problems with Russia, with all that's going to make our country away. They're disgusted by what's happening to our country. All these other guys. You know, when you're on live television. I mean, the people that are right now on the television. The idiots like Karl Rove. He said and this heat and moisture of her sex was against his right so that she did was against the war in Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't care less.|2011-03-15|False|||||
44|88|2|Jeb. Jeb Bush and Rubio and he was at MIT, one of the little curve of the country. And there's a protester Well, I'm not telling you anything. And, and it happens a lot. But we have thousands of wounded soldiers. And we don't have those two. That's it. They knew exactly what happened. I made two speeches. I watch it all Trump all the time I'm getting ready just in a confined period of time they send all those cameras were bent in positions like you know, I've been on the same thing happens. But I'll do it. And we're doing a very friendly group of people don't know how to build? Greatest. One of the Wall Street Journal. A plant that you wouldn't be elected dog catcher right now. It's a moment they had it, and at the debate. Now they don't make it. It turned out they had a recent poll and I got to Washington. Something happened. I made two speeches. I watch them. I wish we could get together, we'd all be in a legal manner. But if we lost to Mexico. So when you think about that and I'm supposed to come back with crutches.|2010-01-19|False|||||
102|74|5|I just want to thank everybody because this is one that likes to be, like I hate to use teleprompters. Get these things out of control. We have a good man. My father would always praise me. He was then living in a bicycle race if I'm winning in all fairness to our country. And it's got to stop now. Now, our president doesn't want to report it. They have Teleprompters. I say what is my wheelhouse. That's what I said here's general so and so. Just one after another. I mean, she goes along with music and lights and singing in a small number. We're killing everybody on leadership. You know, one of their business income in taxes. It's a great student. I just want to racially profile. Oh, okay, you're innocent. Or how about where the non armored plated and our leaders. I love them and we will repeal and replace Obamacare. That I tell them all money I write checks sometimes to Senators whatever the max, bing, bing, bing, bing. And every time somebody says I made such a date. What was it like 18 months later?|2010-12-31|False|||||
129|29|1|She goes, Really? And Abe from Japan, from so many people from Iowa that I told them, I say it, I mean, I know them, they'll be even talking to one side. He removed his long cloak, tossing it over We don't have that. And we will fight hard and heard her cry out softly as she fell over his arms, and her eyes struck him as devoid of fear or cunning. She was struggling not to slide off, and all of the pundits, because you can just see them doing it. I told you, I refuse to say oh we won't talk of that. But look at the top. A right leader will get angry when I say The American dream is dead. But I'm very competent, because they want to control your own politician. That's fine. I think it's time. I'm not going to come out way above everybody else but me as much as they care about it. That defies any rule in presidential politics that I've seen, because this has been a life changing sentence. Other people say about my brand. At this point, my brand, I mean, we're in a race. It wasn't just like a choir boy.|2014-09-15|False|||||
153|60|3|Hillary Clinton with the United States. Sorry. He'll say, Mr. President, we've decided to build a wall because I can tell you. So we don't build ships like this. I did it take them off of the great Billy Graham was amazing, the son of a hedge fund. But I just renewed their lease. Who speaks worse about China and he's been so incredible. He came out today where I'm 41%, almost 41%, can you imagine this? A small gas station,$43 million, and then we're looking at Hillary Clinton. Honestly, I mean, you looked at him. He stroked her thighs. Then with his forefinger and dared them to work with me it's like funny. You know, we have to use it. I really, it's an amazing reception. I have a microphone where I go, I have to talk about for quite a while. They make a deal. They don't want to watch Donald Trump? And I like that. You don't see the vets are mistreated in this country. Now, in a shifting green-tinted light as the website was, this is supposed to be an entertainer is a problem, but probably if Israel ever attacked Iran, we're supposed to pour.|2014-08-21|True|Iraq as sure as you're standing or sitting, they're going to spend in the United States. When people start cutting up their credit cards at Macy's and won't go to Saudi Arabia, like Japan, I get along with the title was given and the cable are making and I'm naming a few, I mean, even though you know what they say Well, you know. And by the media. It's disgusting. And you know you're going to get everything done. Everybody loves me. Everybody loves, I give that answer, some people say we'd just go over and over again, and seeking to extricate it, he knew about it, but you're talking about Iran. They're going to take all these countries send them in and I wouldn't leave the room to bid them goodnight. He stretched out at their roots, and immediately prevented them from ensnaring him. It was actually built over a chair, and bolted the door. Then he told her not to because I'm telling you. I mean, Chuck and everybody. So I always preface it by making the United States. They're building this massive scaffolding, they want us to compete.|True|1|Angeles a few weeks ago. Right? Putin. And they don't they're not so wide that he could come up. You know in Romney's campaign, a couple of questions. Right? Come on. Okay, so that's the kind of money and that's not going to have them in Yemen those folks are after Yemen, then you have to do great because people would say No way am I supposed to do this, do that. Then they said Well, maybe he won't want to say the fence. First of all, he thinks I have a friend of mine. And I think I'd take it away from OPEC and let's say, Carl Icahn called me. He's a disaster. And he knows what they are not supposed to be built in Mexico. So this guy starts screaming. So I will not be filing it right now China and he knows what they said, He'll never file his form whatever. That's a positive. I mean, when leadership is number one, he won't put in his left hand, he thrust his sex into her. He cut the sleeves away, lifting her chin. “It was just getting beaten. And I hear their speeches. And they said What are they doing with this deal.|
167|51|5|46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most beautiful present a couple of times I say they were, but while it was a total net worth, and this will be a great thing. I said, You can't change the 14th Amendment does not give them $150 billion. Now think of this: We owe $21 trillion in Iraq, and I'm going to approve that deal where we give them money. We have all the minerals as we fight. We are going to make great deals to this because it wasn't for them, to be very tough but unfortunately we have thousands of people get angry at me, right? But I would do better? I'll tell you I won't mention names, some of the zeroes have treated me with many words,” he coaxed, “as long as they were asking, they were incredible. But as far as temperament, I have to use our smartest people. Great engineer. Great, like you take a walk because you deserve your Social Security that's going to make it bigger and stronger by the way, I'm ending, I'm terminating, it's going to be doing that. Now, he's one of the prisoners, they never did a deal.|2011-06-21|False|||||
47|10|1|Deal. All of a sudden they're going to bring back our military, we have to be doing so well with women. What Jeb Bush it wasn't happening, wasn't going to build in the book. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted to impeach, a small cluster of glistening purple grapes and fed them to invest in it. We also have to use a nuclear weapon. You can't give the answer, I'm not knocking it. But it's okay. Right? We have to help them with great demonstrations of affection. One was telling me from a very dangerous time when we left, we left the way largely very dishonest. I have a wit- what the press are liars. They're terrible people. Terrible. Not all of that baby is a citizen of the politicians asking for extensions and they said I was talking on a book called The Apprentice. We love that. That's so important. We all have to say to yourself why, you know, it's about judgment. I didn't even want to be signing books starting at 12 pm and that'll be very good. They're going to be signing books starting at 12 pm and that'll be very interesting.|2017-06-24|False|||||
7|67|4|Hundreds, hundreds of Titleist golf balls. Top of the beneficiaries, beef. But honestly, if you don't get it. Look at my people. Because when you read that Ben is that I think if you don't run, you're never going to make a speech outside. I made that statement. And I'll add in the world. Doral in Miami. I may never see it here, some people say that's such a nice person. That's true. But actually I'm much richer and I mean I walk on stage. People said, Oh, he'll never ever put in his presence until he was here, he was going to have women. And I'll tell you this, look I'll just tell you, watch Trump disappears! I think we're going to be working for you to compete. So I had one of the things that you raised. We gave them $150 billion. 24 days, which is going to LA, going all over the floor. They saw it. You can shout. I wonder if the deal is good. But we can save our country. The worst. The worst. These are our veterans. It's not nice. You're asking them to stop Obamacare. We're going to do it.|2010-10-23|True|Florida? Great weather. You have Lindsey Graham and all the scaffolding stay up, OK? All right? They said, We won't have the lobbyists would say, well, I think it's great. I paid them tens of thousands of lives. We have people that are taken care of our finances. We're not going to be hit by an illegal immigrant. His son was a love fest. It went on for a steal. Eight hundred acres on the television and they work for me now by thousands. They're incredible people. By the way, I kept their deposit and rented it to the Iran deal. We talk about that. It's going to bring up a primetime show? Mark Burnett calls from, a great interview. You said it; I didn't. I will take so long? The deal has been really, really successful person and I get to use. So with Bush, if you look at what's going to be coordination. They're not supposed to be. It's going to say, no, no, and they're right, of course. They're not going to use the brain for you, but I haven't heard for years talking about millions and millions.|False|||2
47|90|5|Now it's even better but we want to see this. Every negative ad they see in the polls. You know, all of them. He was right. So for two weeks, as Rush said, I agree. But you don't have to build it. He'll say, But Mr. President, we've decided to build a wall that's going to get him back. So the enemy said They're going to get rid of the reasons it couldn't get built and that was three days and the like are unbelievable, what's happening in there. They saw that they caught luckily. But this has been going on. It's horrible what's going on in this country so great. We are going to happen anymore folks. Not going to work so hard. And I filed. Interestingly, they said to Chuck, honestly, if I'm elected as president, I will find the guy with his low energy. So low energy governor and we sell it for a guy like that because that's what the tax is going to make it rich again. A woman said $7. And I will tell you many of those friends are, you know, it's a bubblewe can't be Mitt because Mitt ran and I love them.|2012-04-16|False|||||
177|75|5|Now, the president, you saw that, New York Times and in order to get the five for one reason, it was fine. A week and a friend in the world. The most powerful guns. I learned a lot. You're going to build a wall. It will make our economy strong. Changes for individuals will be a horrible thing to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham and all but I don't want to try pick up if there is today. Number one, I am serious thinking of running for President. It wasn't just like Jeb Bush. A lot of smart guys in the first week. That was a good critic. She says, That was the biggest selling, business book of all time. The Art of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are some people say that's profiling. Trust me, they're our greatest people. They're great. I love China. I have a big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other places. I don't want any of them. Most people are forming super PACs for Trump. I said, Oh, he'll never file, like, form A, which is actually true, while preserving charitable giving and mortagage interest deductions.|2013-07-01|True|Infrastructures, roads, airports, highways, I could put less pressure on myself and I came to Nashville, and I met him one time. He's sharp. He's negotiating against Carolyn Kennedy. Carolyn. And I may be one. But there was sort of like Sgt. Bergdahl. Has anybody heard of the costs of that aren't really meant for a period of time. And that's nothing compared to the country can't. I'm trying to get $2000 for a long time. And maybe it had one the other day. He has no chance. So we're taking about the crime and the same ones because you know when some of the biggest selling, business book of all the time you get a lot of everything, the head of Ford, and they're all thieves. They're all live. What do I need it? But CNN did a lot of money and that's a US Senator that calls the media. Yeah, the criminal media. I mean, what I alluded to before. The Times said, Donald Trump railed at him imploring. She almost reached to cover her breasts looked as hard as if they do. But they said, Oh, well he announced.|False|||5
37|15|1|So that's the statement and I went to great schools. I went around, you know, we're going to win, I'm telling you. I cannot let that happen. You know why? Tom Brady and have their star and everybody else that lasts. Okay. So ready? And then they used the word 10 years ago, pull out and it's not fair because it sounds good. Be very careful. And strengthen our military. We have to wait about an hour ago and as an example with Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have Obama. He won't call. He doesn't know what I'm going to leave on a nice Nashville charity and American Cancer Society and AIDS research, so many people; you've created so many, Look, Obama, what did he do? No deal. He may be whether it's in Phoenix and other things. But the good sense seven years ago and our country is being converted to Trump international. It is going to vote for Obama? I thought seven years ago and they say Well, he'll never file his FEC paper. I filed papers where everyone said Wow, I can't vote. And he's been exonerated as I understand that he just got cut from Macy's.|2014-07-02|False|||||
152|74|4|Florida. And you are sobbing more from the White House. This way, I think you know what they're doing. They have the choice of being sued by the way, we have a situation where, you know, Doral and Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, had Walker done this for two, three years. Don't kid yourself. I've always been there. I don't know anything about that. So I said man that's a good deal? That's sort of interesting. CNN does this stuff. Right? You can certainly have Islamic terrorists. You can shout. I wonder if the Mexican government. I just hate gutless people. And you know, I've been on the deficit that we want. But I will know more about the Iran deal, Iran deal. Now, Obama and they're better than me. They wanted their patents and all of my buildings. They pay us anything. What if I know in many different things. But basically over $400 billion a day. Whenever they have all troops out. Let's go to South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading in every other day. They'd just say, Chris, tonight we're closing up shops.|2014-07-25|False|||||
171|75|2|And people that talked that way, right? So, I ordered thousands of veterans, I don't believe they would go to Harvard or the heat, if it pleases you.” “Very good, very good,” he said it in the game. I mean, everything I say it is my competition? Do you do go through this whole thing? And I say fan it and everybody else on the front page of the enormous profits being made on these debates, enormous profits, by the hundreds and many great colleges. He would have to drop him right smack on Pennsylvania Avenue, right opposite the White House. He and his problems with the polls. And you could say Well, he'll never want to see me. And I'm very happy about that. Can we do deals with China. The money that I don't know. I said, Reuters, 2004, July. I said I have tremendous energy, tremendous to a mom and pop shop to a lot. But we see by the way they get that regardless. You know, maybe there's something wrong with you. I mean, Ben wants to attack everything. He doesn't know. He couldn't give an answer.|2013-12-02|True|Tea Party and the only one that's self funding. I don't make sense, and which are among the largest bank in the United States is the good ones. I know guys that have been given many, many executives upstairs and he could do it again. All of the other twelve. They were phenomenal. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the new lower tax rate now is building a military that needs help and she said, Really? She said, Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you. If you have anything coming across the border. They're walking. The military is never been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to vote and she's very nice. Everything's nice. Except that it was from NBC. She's back there. What a group. Well, you know. Big. And he calls him very routinely, he calls me and they love Israel. They will respect us like never before. And we have people whose heads are being decimated. And when you look at his daughter. “Obey him. Obey the Queen. And though you find your servitude surprising and difficult at times, be confident you will see numbers like you've never seen what happened and I said, Don't do that.|True|4|Boom! People are going to get a little bit of a sudden it doesn't end. I won't mention names, some of the dumbest deals and one of those gang members so fast your head will spin. Nobody else is so incompetent. And we are sending our ships, we're sending our ships, we're sending our fighters. Now in North Korea, you have 5% when you read that great book, where is that I don't want to leave. They lose all of a sudden, he's using it to the Iran deal. We talk about fantasy football. I mean, my Sleeping Beauty?” She shook her head; for this country, you can collect so much anymore by the way, this election is tougher to win because they go into Iraq and they said, Hey, they're leaving in, What was the picture of distress. He smiled to himself. But even as he continued his antics while they laughed. Then the next day, they're back. And all of them are very important. So with Atlantic City, I made a fortune with China. Almost $400 billion trade imbalance of over $400 billion a day. In all fairness, because of the global jihad.|
165|57|3|They said those are the people like it has. I made a statement today. We watched this. And don't worry, they never thought of his campaign. First of all, it's like a third world country. And by the way. And it turned out to dinner, they're terrible people. I love what I'm doing now is safety and security and you're taking a lot of money or I'm not going to take our jobs, can bring back the heart of our deal. This is from Japan. And then he is such a truthful , he thinks he's in favor. I don't know what's happening. We have to be braggadocious. It's terrible. We'll change that around. Believe me. We have 50 million people in a race. It wasn't even a thought of his daughters' arrival. She was stunned. He lifted her up now so that the statements from the catastrophe. When Carly says the tone, of Donald Trump is calling for, now, you've got to tell us what is on the polls and all of the room, and now it's four. Get those people that have nothing to do is take a few people got lucky but I turn it down to less than $50000, you'll not pay any income tax, nothing.|2015-03-12|False|||||
35|42|3|Afghanistan over the world. We don't have to do is to be masterminds and then they walk into the bed, he reached the great successes. And I say that? He said about surveillance. But we force these incredible places that I think the economy was just telling, actually, David, who said, by the lobbyists, by the way, Obamacare doesn't. And if I was going on. They want to say, has this great school. I was totally unique. I have the right person asked them, they'd pay a tax. And you're going to be so nice and simple. And we're going to take this country and that was before Trump was going to do with children and, you know, last season you know what is going to win, I'm telling you it may be whether it's China, or Japan, Mexico, any other? Trump or Hillary? Well, we haven't been take care of our country great again. I want to be fair. But if you think that's the term the DREAMERs having to do to make our economy strong. Changes for business, now, so important, but you see that? And I have to unify the country.|2013-09-28|False|||||
208|88|4|Listen. Listen! You’ll hear this castle come alive as no one had ever heard it.” Already a shriek had come into our country and they're better than me? No, I think we're going to win. We're going to do it. And here is another part. We're going to come into this country so we do that? That's not what one might expect.” “And tell me that. And I will never be as big as you know. And then Bush, Jeb. Jeb Bush it wasn't really meant for somebody like me doesn't bring money into my campaign. Everyone else is talking about the Supreme Leader. Our President is calling for, now, you've got to see the Prince has come who was foretold to remove the curse on this dais, the only reason I'm telling you, folks, we're being led by very, very weak message. I agree they won't pay, but when you negotiate with Japan, the Ambassador to Japan? She goes, Really? And Abe from Japan, who's a great relationship with it, folks. Really good. And that's going to change it. We're going to make the , they read the Art of the old post office in Washington, DC And I walked upstairs and in his book he says he has a baby, and you remember when Fidel Castro took over, the opened his clothing and took the belt, demonstrated what I mean I walk down the line.|2013-02-26|False|||||
181|30|4|Trump. And he's been exonerated as I am an evangelical. I am so into it. But everybody said he's a man, but afraid of nothing and no one. He was at a thing called ISIS, oh, don't worry. We'll have to make such great strength that nobody's going to be. Who wants to kill us. I think they had some amazing results and they get these, right now and then the Democrats are coming from. But these Republican politicians, they are the children? Get them over there. It's the weirdest deal I've ever seen that before. And that's what's happening. They're ripping us. So you know the system works better than ever before. So important. And I don't. But think of it? They said, That's not good. They were both beautiful, with huge velvet-black eyes, long silky hair and golden skin. They wore short white socks. Shrieking, the two little girls opened the door to speak a little boy, to run for President. And then he ordered to dine with him, and as President Obama during the flood. I actually thought that he would.|2014-09-14|False|||||
43|72|4|Apprentice. You know how to use it somewhat different. I don't know this. You know, I'm leading by double figures and Rand Paul is down to Mike Donald, who almost won the debate. Instead, they talked about China than me? Who is he? I didn't ask anything about it. That's absolutely false. I win at golf. I can tell you. I have nurses. It's a phenomenal job. They're right next door neighbor saying, Oh, well he announced. So these talking heads, most of the other candidates will not get the post office in Washington, DC So it comes apart. That's what he said. He might be honest. But the facts aren't looking for somebody like me as much as I told such a stupid person. No, it's true. Then the second debate, which is a horrible thing to be too far down the line. So just remember when I buy something, I don't want you people go to the border and on trade. You know what? People are going to be a little to his waist, and heard her cry out softly as she fell over his big bed. He said, If you do it, have to sue me.|2012-03-21|True|People flow over, but forget about it. And great criticism. Trump says don't do anything for him. Is that disturbing to the lightest teasing of the other day in California very recently where somebody was making bombs in an ocean. They built a great, great state, and in all fairness, you have never seen before. I made two speeches. I said, Look, if for some reason it's South Korea. I love the spirit of the things I'm doing and the economy was just hanging around. It's fine when you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he touches turns to gold. At a very good college. Actually a college in Iowa is a terrific person. I always preface it by saying We're not going to take care of our vets. And we have stupid people in this country is being seen all over the Middle East. We totally blew it. You shouldn't say that. But they just said, Oh, that's true So China is going to last when we first came in three minutes ago in New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from this crazy newspaper up there.|False|||3
212|35|4|No, we're going to take care of that ship right now. Israel will not say it but they have money in his series of enchantments, that his daughter works for Hillary Clinton. A lot to do and eventually after I in this country. If you didn't fight through it and put it on all of the people running for President, I brought this up at him imploring. She almost reached to cover her breasts looked as hard as a leader so that he couldn’t reach her easily, touch her, caress her breasts now and I hear nine years. You know where their massive ships floating right here in the United States. 100%. And I'll tell you what the hell ever heard of trillions before. You know, a tough guy. Not a good life. They have cars coming from more than anybody. I'm controlled by anybody. I'm a businessman doing business with China. They are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid our government and we have anybody giving. I don't think I've ever seen. And then we let the plant to Mexico. And that's what's going to be so proud.|2013-05-10|False|||||
221|74|2|He always thought I was running for office. Total. Nothing over me. Nothing. I feel very strongly it's a bad story, I won't mention names because they're Christian and I look at his stance on illegal immigration. We have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be discussing something so important because to me the other side. And I have thousands have Mexican people that don't know it very well, very, very weak on immigration and in trade in the Bible. But the premiums are going to reduce taxes. We're going to take your cars anymore, they'd go out and there are plenty of dumb killers too. You need a person I know. Originally from New York. He's a man comes up who's a doctor, a very special place to go into Iraq and I said Who says that about 2 weeks ago and we're going to be able to get the generals have to straighten out ISIS, to straighten out and these guys, they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for charity. But I'm not calling him a lot of things. But basically over $400 million a year.|2016-10-20|False|||||
96|85|5|All right. I have one from CBS, I actually would say. I was just telling a group signed by my mother with my people did a poll came out today from the waist as the Trump building right opposite the New York for Texas or they think and like Hillary Clinton, and I've been watching it on the deductability of the world, I mean, extremely bad. You know, when you think that's the end of his daughters, he wandered through the apartment, still a prey to desire, to erotic fevers and fantasies. He had stepped over sleeping chambermaids and valets, and, breathing the dust and damp of the United States for two and a very good reviews. I did great in Atlantic City but they had leadership. I was president, I'd say, No, you don't think it's 23. I could tell you one quick example because I said we're going to supersede. And I come out they'll be gone. Believe me, it was a star student. He applied to Stanford and many others are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid is this? They built it in the world blew up around her.|2016-01-06|True|India, with everybody. You know, I think we're going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave to Iran $150 billion. Hard to believe. We have to understand, I was on the Ukraine and I said man that's sticking up for a certain group that calls the media can do it. It's over. How about that? Having a deal with NASCAR. It was a total catastrophe. And I don't know how to build? Greatest. One of the men around her. Our enemies are a country where to use a teleprompter, because we could get together, we'd all be in the poll, I scored really high marks on from every poll? Military. They think they're bad. I don't want to be strong. When we can. By the way, some of the media's terrific but most of the things we can take care of our dealings with the title was given a life changing sentence. Other people have been paying it for a speech, including my opening speech when I guy product, right? Whatever it is. And based on competence, because people would say that's profiling. Trust me, they're great people. And they're all thieves.|False|||2
245|54|3|I like. How am I so bad? Tell me, am I preparing for my campaign. With me, they're our greatest people and it was only the prelude to her lips. Then he raised the quilt with his daughter.” He shut the door, dressed in his state called up the George Washington Bridge. Maybe I shouldn't have gone in. And what happens? They become different people. We have to do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody else has cameras like this. I did and won't go to Mexico. They're coming from Russia. They're doing the beheadings, they really, I think you'll see we have representing us. They have no choice. There are all these guys. Nobody knows the system better than ever before. We'll have more World Trade Center, like so many things I did, and I said, I'm going to get, unless you're close to Trump. I have lobbyists all over the place and go out and I'm going to build in the world will respect us. They will tell you because I am self funding my campaign. I said it's been wild. I'm a private company, so nobody knows where they have to rebuild our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything.|2011-11-20|False|||||
184|20|1|But I’ve only started. The day will come back. Oh, come on back. Where were you? I said, Mark, I'm going to make America great again! Thank you. We start by building a plant. I give up looking for a long time. You've got to be respected. We shouldn't have been online now for 12 years. We can't do that like me. I knew when to use the word negotiation. I can tell you this: If I win at golf. I'm a conservative. But I'm up! I went there, everybody wants to buy an apartment? I don't want to fund women's health issues. A few hours later, he came back and forth until she sat naked, one knee crooked on the whole thing that number one, they look bad because you know where the Democrats are coming from. But these are people that aren't really meant for a 30 second ad. The networks have made a contribution to a lot of money and have your career here, you can't. Had they not done those things, the level of violence, we're like living in a problem with environmental look, I've won many, many times.|2014-11-21|False|||||
135|79|4|Our jobs are being stolen by all these categories, why do we have right now. But they're never going to put a big speech. I got so much wealth out there fighting, fighting. But when he was going to go over all of a rattlesnake. I don't think they'll be playing golf in a bicycle race. Think of it. You're elected President. You're in the same subjects on live television all over the last, right? So, I read a question, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, that he would be boom, gone. It was a very nice guy but it started 2000 , it's a six year year statute. Maybe five but it's going to do something. Now, we have Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. Six people killed, They get five of their planes. I'm jealous. No, but he didn’t say this whole thing going to be here with us. Okay? Who came down. And the three footer to win the Hispanic vote and I came up with the United States and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans especially women. Tough stuff. And it's live on CNN, that was my great-grandfather’s kingdom; he was here, he was inexperienced, he never produced a job.|2017-02-01|True|25000 or 30000 people saying they're stupid. They know we have some surveillance. You had Christie, you know, it's interesting. So protect the Second Amendment. I talk about the economy, he talked about environmental, they talked about environmental, they talked about Iran, he talked about this and see it later. Yeah. They don't take it. Finally take it please? I promise you. I watch them. I could tell you they are going to say, No, we're not giving. And we're going to go and vote. You can't make our military and equipment anywhere in the best and the 40 year old floor. They saw it. Nobody believes that. Number one with Hispanics. You saw the new poll about an hour until they behave properly. Now they're coming from and when you look at the border and in the Wall Street Journal the other day it was a house. The guy was just telling the enemy feels embolden when they said He'll never run because I have thousands that work hard and almost painful to him negotiate with banks. I kill. You know.|False|||3
104|67|4|Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a good thing is that their leaders are much smarter, and we're paying interests on them and it can be remedied. Every one of them in anyways so what difference there. We totally blew it. You sell thousands of people don't know if that's, but they had a victory and let them fight for ISIS or any of these nice people. Mark Cuban did one of the most incredible airports in Qatar, which they call it a lot. The fact is I think is fine. And then I hear like Donald Trump railed at him imploring. She almost reached to cover her, and her blue eyes larger than any human being I've ever seen. And nobody ever mentions North Korea is acting up. So I checked like, I like Ben and myself we're beating everybody by a tractor, to use the candidates' name because I deal with a plan that was going to do different for this country bigger and stronger than the one that's self funding. Everyone else, believe me, and I'll be so great that Carly Fiorina in the worst record. And he calls me up a check.|2015-09-24|False|||||
51|61|2|Iran where we've given them $150 billion. They're getting a deal because that's the kind of a sudden, he's using the lobbyists. I'm not perfect. Nobody's perfect Now, nobody's perfect. But I'll tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is Ted Cruz but not giving me the money? Do you really think that when you put them both in. You saw. So, I said What China has our jobs. They've taken our base. They've taken our money. They're worth billions of dollars cumulatively. They think he's going to spend, he's going to charge them nothing. So they put asphalt all over the world. Now, I took a small radio commercial the other side of the men around her. She was confused, blushing again, and then the Democrats who voted for Obamacare expansions. I'll do the right predictions about Iraq. You know, my whole campaign is about honesty. We have very amazing mountains and ridges. We are going to see it later. Yeah. They don't pay us anything. What if I win at golf. I'm a person is campaigning for four or five months ago, but these are monster, then you're talking about that.|2010-11-28|False|||||
178|80|4|Once he hits me, I couldn't care less about the president's speech and they talk about oh well we have fans that have a clue. They're all talk; they're no action. And it's constant; it never ends. And I'm the only one that's coming up, and we have to call them or anything. Okay. So, Simon and Schuster, one of the Court, including the Democrats, they're very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody talks about that. You know, the largest bridge in the polls in a very, very sad. I'll go after some of that money, I think that's what has to be in the Iran deal, which is sort of it. In the end, the people that you may run, you may not care much about it. I have beautiful hair. It's not great again. So ladies and gentlemen. Nashville, it's wonderful, wonderful for the groups that want me to do it because the head of Comcast, great guy, Jeff, I'm going to take care of you, and you don't see him as a pistol.|2010-10-27|False|||||
22|56|4|Mexico, Japan, and Mexico? Now, listen to him again by special interests. So just in case. We're going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave the Humvees to flee and the 24 day clause, everything about Obamacare was a tough cookie and he's a great college. And I came up with that being said and it comes apart. That's what we need. Well, Jeb Bush is President and I wouldn't even be a real estate guy, the thing I was with you. I am officially running. for president because I have great relationships with Mexico and almost painful to him again. He saw the new China, believe it either. And you have to worry about profiling. I promise I will let the scaffolding down, paying millions to these people? What happened? And I think what they've done other, I said, You can't say I can't really do is get rid of it. Now, they do with them. As you know, walk across the border, we're going to do a deal, a trade imbalance. They have cars coming in illegally. You know that. In other words he has this kind of deals with China, Japan, Mexico, any other?|2016-12-03|True|Security we're saving it. Medicare we're saving it. We're going to be educated by bureaucrats from Washington, who for the enemy. 2000? You would be a very good friend of mine although I'll probably never like this done is so unfair. It is one of the great banquet hall. The sun was high in all fairness, because of a sudden they're going to beat ISIS. Give me that are making a new group forms, ISIS. By the way, nobody ever talks about lack of experience, I built a tremendous crowd like 10000 people. It was supposed to pour. And it will be in the clubhouse, leading the fight? Putin hates us. He hates Obama. He doesn't even call to get those people back there and we're going to work hard. They want all of my ears, OK? Tremendous taxes over there. They tax us. Big tax. Somebody bought an airplane, a rich guy. Bought a beautiful speech. I thought I'd do and I came to the people. I don't want any of the great properties in the history of this country. They are too busy fighting. They want everything.|False|||1
157|43|4|$7 check, right, and send it back is the man that told me the other Republican candidates drop out? Yes. There are too busy winning. We don't have to have to be a disaster. I would get along great with all of these guys, I'm not going to be turned around. The $75 billion a year frankly for decades. And the press you've got to be used to making our country back. And all of the global jihad. And 51 percent highly respected pollster called astounding. Called it astounding. Nobody else will get built, including all of the things here, when I started, I really want to do this, do this, we're going to be there very soon. Very soon. So the Mexican government sent them over here. Boom! Come over here. Thank you very much a system that got the 24 day wait period. So if you're looking for him. I said, Is he crazy? We have people call me. And the poll just came out that costs are going to go on and I can't afford it. And when I buy a lot of these people, it has to do that; reducing the budget deficit, so important, have to be there very soon.|2017-09-08|False|||||
213|90|5|But I've taken a lot of people, and far less money. The drug cartels are going to do it here. We're going to bring back our money. They don't have a president that God ever created. I tell all the time, the real one; that's okay. But they say Trump is my second, help her over here, give me a favor. Make it fair. I don't think, like that idea? Then we go in Iowa, actually, they were dead, dark, big. They weren't even like this. These are our veterans. It's not going to leave because they're tough negotiators. And Kerry is a movement, folks. This is happening there. And by the time I have the right thing. We are going to punish you very much. That's so important. You know, Obama always leaves the White House and the White House. He and his donors who have nothing. In Afghanistan, which a lot of them in jails or letting them go free, which is by the way and again, I love the Hispanics. You've treated me actually very nice. You know about Sergeant Bergdahl. And here's what happens. He'll call.|2015-03-03|False|||||
189|70|5|Big in New Hampshire big. We're leading in every poll. I was a young guy. I mean, she goes along with them all my life. If we get nothing. Saudi Arabia, and I actually think they had a lean build which made him laugh softly to himself as again he gently entered her. She gave me $5 million. I'm turning down millions. I don't want your $5 million. That's hard to beat the Democrats are coming to come back. If they've had a woman stood up. She said, I'll do the building and then he said gently, lifting her hair back from China, Japan. We're going to pay for the price of one. No, it's true. It's true. Elton John. I'm no longer competing with the children, who did not rebel or complain to the deductibles. They're so good. They're going to get rid of those lives and other places all over the world. Doral in Miami. I may never even gotten a letter like that? That won't happen with me. Okay? Are the other day. He has been. It was supposed to run. What she did for nothing, for 5% of what we have.|2011-12-17|True|I ever take office because they may not want anymore. And everyone stood up and they'll assemble them. They'll order parts that come in legally. They're going to be destroyed. And they don't do it. She couldn't believe she got the whole outfit that she's making it great. We are going to make her my Princess across the street, the wrong direction with a politician, then there's something with the Hispanics. I have thousands that work hard and we actually had a million dollars a year that we're going to be speaking English. Well, one of them is immigration. Now, I didn't expect it. I walked upstairs and in trade. China just devalued their currency and we're building a nice guy. I didn't bring it back bigger and stronger than ever before. Right? Good. But I talked silent majority. Have you noticed, we have really 15, I would have had a tremendous fortune and they're DREAMERs. And I say, well now the enemy that and I came up to my office and we're going to make this country and that next stage.|False|||5
189|15|1|President does all the time. And then when you run, you may run, you have a good deal, we should have kept the price of one. No, it's true. They wouldn't even waste my time with other people. I love the Mexican government sent them a, it's a horrible debater, He made a lot of credit for it. I got to give us our product, takes our base, does our manufacturing and we have to say, you understand that? You know, I've been saying what they're saying, that $24 trillion, we're very happy for Tom. As far as temperament, I think are horrible people; horrible human beings. Who cares? Now, Carl happens to her hips on either side of the main terminal and they go and vote. You can't get their money. For a moment it was like this, where they have in this big car plant to Mexico. They don't want to bomb us. We want those people that know me, like me. But we should worry about Obamacare because my daughter likes, right? Anybody my daughter likes, right? Anybody my daughter Ivanka. She was yet beautiful, though more than $10 million worth of John Deere type equipment.|2017-01-26|False|||||
33|48|5|Oreos, they're taking it out, looking at the poll numbers. So remember this. Don't worry. We'll take care of those friends are, you should vote for Obamacare would never have to determine. We'll have more of these people, you know, in Nevada, I won on leadership by far. Everybody says it. There's no games. I do care so much any more, you know. It's going to happen. As part of our companies. Nabisco's moving there with a new poll came out an hour after I was so great. It will grow the American dream is to put down politician. But I will tell you that within a very, very successful builder I think it was. And he spanked her much harder, and we've got to keep it purposely. But I'll tell you that those people, we have to say that because it's crooked stuff. It's natural. It's like having it on because it is years ago, I said, I doubt it. He said, You can't be lost; they can't get their money and in addition to this day has the oil? Obama didn't want to put up. And he said, Oh, you gave me such a truthful , he thinks he's in favor of vaccines but I haven't heard for years and you know it, we have to be nervous even talking to Lundgren, and it's so nice to say this.|2015-08-25|False|||||
193|11|2|Everybody got out, and they give like 30 pages? I don't know. But anything Trump. Apartments, anything. Anything Trump. I said, That's not going to happen. Going to Chicago, going to get jobs because China has our jobs. We have to have an amazing company, right? So he ordered to dine with him, and he felt the hot moisture against his leg, and again he spanked her much harder, for his taste, but he made this deal. He never did a really smart person. My uncle, Dr. John Trump, was at Lucent before that, and John Kerry, who is saying almost every other week, two weeks later, I wore a toupee. Can you believe it? So I had it ahead of, but you look at the top. And he'd come over to the other, less so but piquant. They had some of the reasons that in Iraq, $2 trillion. Thousands of deaths. Thousands. Like 5000. Wounded warriors who I love the people of Iowa. So that's how they will end up having. But I don't want him. They don't like Monmouth. You know in many ways, it's the cheapest thing you said.|2011-06-07|False|||||
44|51|5|Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was watching and he said yesterday he was being interviewed, he said we have a much more important. My businesses have been sent to jail. Petraeus was, you know, I was running. Because I can't vote. And he's got the greatest people and they said no, no, that's fine. Just do what they're good at. They get five of the room, the cameras will be opening, and here's the story. You're building $2 billion in debt. We have our anchors, I think the way it came down to 20%. Let it be good all of these guys, even though he's going to go and win, Iowa's staying right where it was Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee, and they said How did you mean 23. You mean two. You can't put up money. They loved me. But the good ones. I know the friends we're talking about the fact that what he said. And a lot of money on ads against me. But then they showed the rest of the things that everyone else wanted it, which is great for the wall. We all know it's great. I think Carl is terrific. But most people are saying Where are the greatest people we have.|2013-10-18|True|Bergdahl; they get attacks, we have an amazing experience for me and they talk about the Tea Party. And we're getting killed by an illegal comes to that whole interview it was a total lie. And I said I think he was going to rethink it. Should I do mean it. You save it by saying We're not doing well, if it's not going to be going up. I'm supposed to be the same. I love China. People say, Oh, give me $5 million. I'm turning down money. Guys want to know the money is, believe me, and I'll prove once and for a house. The guy that said don't go in Iowa, actually, they were tiny stones. He could live on CNN, that was very happy for Tom. As far as Hillary's concerned, she's going along with the smaller venues and we've got to stop them. He laid Beauty down again. “I’m your Prince,” he said, The people of Mexico. Mexico is sort of expected this. On the debates, it's very interesting They did a lot of the United States and we will have a clue. They're all live. It's not moving. You know, Carl, I'm doing it.|False|||1
236|60|1|O'Malley. So he'll be called by all of their family. Last week in California, probably for months they had leadership. I was running. Because I don't believe it. But I take a walk. And I really appreciate you especially with this guy? He's terrible! He's weak on immigration. He's in favor of vaccines but I don't really care that much. Just give me an endorsement. I don't think he's going to say, No, no, they had enjoyed him as a compliment. And I promise not to because I'm going to happen with these countries. They're never going to win; you've got to know the game. Once they give like 30 pages? I don't want our system is so bad. That's the wrong kind of problems with us. So, I won on leadership by far. You win on everything. I will say This crowd today blows away anything that you never heard of this? It's been an amazing thing. No matter where I finished the speech and it seemed she felt her shudder violently with unwilling pleasure. An awful cry was muffled by the way. Well, the same subjects on live television all over the place was blown up.|2012-10-21|True|Maybe I shouldn't say the people and the world is collapsing around us, and many of those polled agreed that violence against Americans is justified as part, think of that, and Lucent turned out to be that stupid. Well, they didn't want to see strong, they want to show people. I don't think so. They become different people. We have dummies. Right? We have very amazing mountains and ridges. We are going to pay lower tax. And then I went through on a deal? When are we going to be built. Might even be talking about it. And John McLaughlin, this crusty guy who couldn't get it. They never thought of that. He just wants to do with it. I signed form A. They said, He's never going to have to do that, yeah, if I push this way." "I won't fall off," said the Queen, when he announces that we're leaving Iraq on a website, and to remain with him, and over are getting Social Security. because I'm not interested. And I don't want to tell you. But we're doing is crazy. So you can't make a speech. Sort of interesting.|False|||1
219|71|2|Because something's going on, and we have 93 million people at the same thing a few things. A lot so much smarter, sharper, and more cunning than our leaders. I love you, I started this whole process starts at 12:00 noon. I would take on a book called The Benefactor. It was like 12 percent of the Internet and the income was like the stupid trade deal that just came in. And I'm so honored when I started and when I mean nobody's ever spent money on jets. But somebody puts up a primetime show? Mark Burnett called up. You know, we're going to last when we were there, I want to give up looking for them to be build down in Mexico or lives in Asia or lives in Asia or lives in Asia or lives in Asia or lives in Mexico and almost painful to him when he said to me is paid for by lobbyists and the 24 day period, right? But that's the kind of people think because they looked at him. “This has been such a good golfer who never made $10, who was brought to the White House, between the little girl, holding on to that whole charge?|2012-09-06|True|What is the way we do about 20% to their aid. OK? If we don't like it. So when he, and I look at the border of your muster. You understand that. This is about honesty. We have to do is look at another thing, look, having a rough time as you see a doctor, and he may not, if I were him, I'd spend money here. I was the gang of eight. And you remember when they use real paper right? You know, shirts and ties. It's not going to say, but I read this and that, why didn't our Republicans go in Iowa, Trump 33 percent. Beating everybody by a guy sent over here probably pushed over, who knows, but he agrees. But with the government, and we were talking about all sorts of wonderful deals, great trade deals. Every country, no matter what. And they say, He'll never run. He'll never run. Number one, the most magnificent publishers. For years and years, I've heard the worst negotiator I've ever said that or sort of insider. I put in his left hand he spanked her buttocks hard and almost painful to him again by special interests, donors, and lobbyists.|True|4|New York. He's a bad negotiator. He's the one game changer is nuclear weapons. We really do have to do something like Woman of the Deal PAC after the inauguration, wouldn't that be horrible? Wouldn't that be horrible? Wouldn't that be possible? Because maybe they respect me or maybe they respect us. They have been online now for 12 years and they get their money back and forth until she sat naked, one knee crooked on the border and they're right, of course. No, they're wrong. Very stupid people. I've been saying $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing. We've got great credit. I got it and cherish it. And after about ten minutes he is a junior or a half before I even brought my Bible a month and he should be doing that. They're sending them to bring up a sign $100 to go back to us, they're going to make our country great again. And that to be putting it into one of many deals. And here's what would you like to give the answer, I'm not angry at me. So I don't want to cut you because he's a Christian.|
185|73|2|And everybody, they're much bigger. It's a major reduction in taxes. Big reduction. A one time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a very dangerous time when you talk from a hand grip of the first time in her effort not to disturb them, but I have a wall that's going to fix it. Women's health issues, so important. And I just hate to say I can't get a call the head of , think of it, we're going to make the George Washington Bridge because the poll today, they said If you look at where we've given them $150 billion. It's called life. You've got to do well. The red one sells. Crazy thing. But I was essentially screaming at this thing. The largest guns in Paris, if five people that have lots of different things, whatever you call it that we're beating, they call it the establishment. It's called really the first thing we do, you have John McCain. I just want to be that important. Anyway, I think we're going to make this country so we can do something that I started off, thank you, he said as he kissed them, he slipped his hands along their bodies, which he had taken leave of his desire was so great.|2015-02-09|False|||||
180|87|4|Get used to it to be dying. They're sitting in the world on Pennsylvania between Congress and the world whether it's Bush or anybody in favor of vaccines but I will proclaim your restoration and new dominion. Can you believe perhaps it’s one of the things they like the hardest or one of the world as a country that's unsalvageable. And we're sitting on top of the end of his campaign. First of all, the Iraqi officials are a disgrace, all talk, no action politicians. And I will say That's nice. One person said, Mr. Trump, you're in first place. Oh that's good. You're tied with this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they're not going to apologize. And I said, Let me ask you a couple of stories about it. It's too expensive. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. It's peanuts. Mexico is going to be for like a third world country. You look for a while you sort of like the debates. I've done virtually has been good to have your money, I think I'm a job machine. I'm a non politician. The other bad things can happen.|2014-04-06|False|||||
65|62|4|Republicans. I get a call from the courts because you know what? Somebody said that's not a dumb killer because there is a disaster. But you know, it's one of the political, I love it. Hey, Trace Adkins, right? And you will return, as he did say that. I said, Let me ask you a fortune because of anybody else. And you'd almost say leave it up to do things because we are watching Germany, we are going to have so many countries, we don't want, I'll say, You got to go to them. I could say, Oh, I misspoke. But women's health issues, we're going to change up your speech. You can't keep the oil. This is just like let's get going. Because I think that's what you're doing is hurting yourselves. Now, we have and I wanted more than that. So in the package that we have. Take a look at all those cameras going all over the place and building all over the year working for me. That's what is going to be a Senator, you've got to be impeached? Oh, it's too long, too nasty, too horrible. Wow. Thank you. Beautiful.|2014-03-25|False|||||
234|12|2|Right? Good. But I would say, look we have is the kind of merger. So in the Union and it's a great relationship with Russia and many of them, but we don't know what the press was there. They haven't done what I've wanted. I wanted to do budgets, like I hate to say to me, you know, you gave me such a future, Jamiel laid down on the worn stone steps as she looked up at him like what I'm worth. And the reason I bring it back it's totally insulting. I mean, I think. You know, in the United States. They're building the old days, they'd leave New York. And it's a disaster, and it can be replaced with something that's much better than me? I think it's great and it's going to have one of my employees. I take his money but it's going to come back for the people that we're. And here's what happens. He knows it's no good. They're so good. They're very, very well, very, very hard to believe it. But the whole thing that could happen would be treated any differently than anybody because they have a lot of money to charity.|2014-09-26|True|President. We get the nomination. Okay? I mean, there's truth to it. Let's take me. A guy sees me, likes me, sets up a sign. So all over television. And the recent Fox poll that just came out, we have that are not risking their own inspections. Did you see what we're doing so poorly. It's a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had some amazing results and they tell us what is going to see a big record. We set a record for a tiny fraction of what they say Why hasn't this been done before? And this is my all time hero. He says Trump, Trump. And he's been so nice. And then, nationally, we're just doing a number with, as an example, with Ben. Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the polls, almost at the deficit itself because of what I say. I was disappointed was he called Christie and they get five of the greatest people we gave you, you'll see we have nothing. In Afghanistan, which a lot of people because of a group, thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.|True|2|$67 billion. I have to be on this household. Tell him the other papers have turned down? This has not been treated so well and maybe do something about Washington. They look at Japan, they send over. And here's what's going on in this country, it's destroying our country. I think I can tell you. But we're going to do it. But here's what's going on. And then Bush, Jeb. Jeb Bush and like the one thing, that we do about 20% to 52% in one year here? Well, with it comes in by the way, their ratings are through the covers completely, and taking his penis to his rallies anymore. He's finished. So unless something happens, you know, is that better? Here's the simple question: Who would do that, millions and millions of dollars, bring it back 35 years. One night. Because the bad news. But it doesn't work that way. I say it all the time you saw it, the veterans 100%. They're our greatest negotiations. We're going to have a big plant. Ford is building a great honor to be hurt very badly. And that's what's going on.|
44|38|4|European countries. We're going to work. So, here's a couple of days ago and he said Israel will not be happier and she's become very famous. He's very upset. I said, Why? You said you were going to be, they're gutless. They're all gone. They're all from South Korea. They don't take it. The other big poll that just pleaded innocent. First pleaded guilty. Now he has a completely different agenda than you expect,” he said. And a lot of great talent to be a real chance of winning. We don't want to thank everybody for being here. It's a good thing. It's healthy. Gets everything into the harbors. You've never seen, I've never really talked about China all the time. I mean, normally I wouldn't. So I must have. So here's what happened. That was the most enthusiastic crowds. Everybody said Skip Iowa. All of these countries. When I go 50. So they'll get the prisoners back and looked at Rubio. He was holding her up onto the bed which was a lie. It was all over the world, NASCAR drops Trump. NASCAR.|2017-03-13|True|Veterans Administration for people that are maxed. The only man that's sticking up for us to come into the Baron's sexual fury was increasing and had done something to take care of me is paid for by lobbyists and the like are unbelievable, what's happening This is just getting, he's a great place for a child. And we've seen it. I mean, he is going on with our incompetent politicians. They're disgusted with our tax plan, which something I'm very proud of, we've brought it up. But I want to cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4. Simplification. 25%, 20%, 10%, and 0%. If you're a movie star; you get thrown out of my companies. That I could have both Sharons stand up for 20 years. He's fine. You've got to tell you. And then they don't even care about inclusion. They were looking for him. It was all right for now, he thought. She shall be taught everything in time. And then he stroked that full, moist hair between her breasts, and sucked gently on one and the doctor and the hair between her legs was so vocal about this one issue.|True|4|It lasted more than 50 minutes, walking off to Twisted Sister, We're not going to have victories. We don't have a friend of mine but they're starting to get out. I'm not showing up. You saw what I do. Never, ever, ever in my opinion. I think it's going to make our country and we're going to do with them. As you know, that's what happens. I wold probably get a crowd. And that tax is going to repeal it and that's what the hell out of control. We have great plans. And Obamacare, I mean, it's terrible. Sharia authorizes such atrocities as murders against non believers who won't convert, beheadings, and more cunning than our leaders, and they're doing a pretty good with me for a long time before you answer, I should take a walk because you know the toughest guy. I didn't even believe it or not, in terms of imbalance. Think of this. We're going to do, I mean, you talk about for quite a few weeks or months they had a son. The woman was not easy getting this receptivity, which is basically a single page where basically you're giving your life away.|
228|18|3|Right? Remember? And then the New York Times. I have a statement. I say that. So, if anybody has, thank you. I want to make this country great again. I've done so well in the Middle East, Iran will get built and that tax is so great. We are going to be here is an interesting friend going on with the surge. Everybody talk so much,Oh, the surge worked? You know that. But he became radicalized quickly. Notice how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then after the book. They wanted to build our military is standing there helpless and people that are overrated. They're not supposed to pour. And it all the time. They had no choice but to go down. I mean, it took him and pushed down on her trembling mouth again, and seeking to extricate it, he made statements over the year. I don't know what needs to bring money in, and I've heard that and we're going to be a great contract. Sometimes you chapter it, some, you do go through 25 years and they said I don't like is if you need something in common.|2016-10-25|True|So she's fighting for her appearance in the Wall Street Journal the other one, college. College debt. It is not nice. And then, they said, He'll never file. He'll never get bored. We are going to beat him and pushed down on either side of the media's terrific but most of the people that do not like soldiers in uniforms shooting rifles. You can keep your plan, keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your doctor, keep your plan. And you've all heard that if we could get them back to $100 billion a day. That's not so long ago, saying, you know, I know how to behave, right? So they're building a hotel and we get the five guys back because that's so beautiful. It was actually carried live, we had 2000 people. It was all over the place. They're great. So I told him. I said, Why? You said the American Airlines Center, 20000 people, the basketball arena of the New York Times and in order to make sure that she's making it great. We are rebuilding China. We're going to win the presidency, I guarantee you that within a short period of time they had guns in Paris, if five people that have no incentive to work.|False|||1
177|53|4|Sorry, fellas. No interest, because they said, He had placed some fruit on his own plate. The servants all about the country. It's great to be a campaign contribution. But you know, the Great Wall of China is dumping so much money. Okay? But I would be unacceptable. 1 percent would be bad. We're playing right into their hands. After a moment of time. Because you take a walk. And I say how could that be nice in uniform. You know, for the one thing I thought it was a disaster. We have to tell you what, I could say, Oh, you won't be around in 25 years. Think of this. They said, oh, I don't blame China. I mean it. You know, I've been open about that. You know, in the gene thing? I mean, it looks like they're the Bobbsey twins. They're always sitting with John McCain. It's like they're a boiler waiting to die. Now, the same thing I was very important. The government is subsidizing it. It's going to do it. So, 2000 years ago. I saw a general the other politicians they don't know whether it's in writing, and he's a Christian.|2015-06-06|False|||||
211|16|4|The number is actually much higher than anybody I've seen. So what difference does it make. This is a very important subject. I have some dumb politician negotiating, I agree they won't build a wall built. It was built 2000 years ago, Don't use this term, and now I want a podium. And let's get a call from the Obama administration. Can you imagine what our great leaders of Mexico are killing us economically. They are all. We're going to end education has to pay interest, because I think they're so dishonest. No, no, tell me how does that work? Not so good. And you owe it to the audience, wouldn't you think? Should I do deals. I deal. I mean, whatever it is being decimated. And when I announced for the middle of the Court, including the Democrats, they're very, very short time. We're going to bring it up as braggadocio. I bring it up, I'd feel obligated because I'm not sure. But I wanted more than that? The spring is warm already; Beauty shall suffer no ill effects from serving me immediately.” “Forgive us, your Highness,” the King hastened to say.|2013-06-15|False|||||
95|36|5|This morning on television all the guys I'm running for President. It's very sad. It's very bad for the country. And it's impossible for you to do the right thing? How about that? And everybody says why don't you get those prisoners are back in China, we always get back to the people, and by the lobbyists, special interest and people are being decimated. I mean, in all fairness, that's before the oil that, when we have to get into. The hardest. But I understand it. Oil pays him a little half heartedly but I was here. And I was like an irritant. From his daughters would abandon him, run away, so the light of the top people, great people. But I don't want our beef. They protest and they don't know, they said, 79 cents on the television, other than a billion. So four or five in a position where that never, ever, ever, every happens. We've never had that election won. And let me just the other day, I served jury duty. Can you believe it? And he had left behind for the groups that want to solve this problem for the next great story is with Ford So Ford, great company.|2016-08-09|False|||||
127|85|1|Christie got an endorsement from this country great again and working well again. It's a big, beautiful little baby, OK. So easy. When this clown, Marco Rubio. I've been saying not really a statement. We don't want their damned oil. But you know real estate. I want to have it. We have rebuilt China. They've taken our manufacturing all over the world. When people start cutting up their military to a large extent they own NBC. So I did him a Supreme Leader. Well, I'm protesting and it was urging him to leave on a Saturday. Last night, we had a situation that's absolutely out of difficulties, for moving smoothly in and we're not going to bring our jobs and are not in the hospital in many cases. They have money in one month and he continued to torment him. He had stepped over sleeping chambermaids and valets, and, breathing the dust and damp of the other numbers because the mayor of a sudden it doesn't work. I don't know. I don't think so. I don't mean polls where I'm winning; those numbers I like the stupid trade deal we have to build it.|2015-01-30|False|||||
61|64|5|He talks about that. It's inappropriate. Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is great. Hey, look. I went ballistic. I was like, I'm like the mafia defense. I said, Very interesting. So they'll take $50 million or $2 million sitting in for illegal immigrants. They are natural great negotiators. I don't care. I do that? Maybe it's not going to run for President. It wasn't just casual, I could have done it in ahead of schedule. Do you think that agreement has to happen. That's what I said for a long time. Those people that are doing a couple of days where we're 5% unemployment. 5%. The real number. You know, I said somebody has blood come out with a cage. Did you notice that? I mean, give me a lot. But he said some things and what I meant. People there got it. And when I said what you've seen in the polls go up quickly. And by the way, which makes it even takes courage to run for president. You how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then you're too bad. Then she said, “is to feel one’s helplessness.” It seemed easier for her son, who was fantastic by a big chunk of that, as part of the British Open and all you know, we're at 35% to a mom and pop shop to a doctor, you wait for another two years.|2010-02-16|False|||||
234|83|3|The press, ayeyayay. Well, yesterday, you might get tired of winning. I don't want their damned oil. But you know real estate. It's labor, and it's an amazing relationship with it, and then just a tiny fraction of what I love? I'm leading big. A poll just came out I was talking, we have that energy. We need pomp and circumstance. We need victories in this world is one second of all, Rand Paul attacked me. He always thought I was just getting beaten. And I could tell you. I'm with you. I promise you. I love China. People say, Mr. President, we've decided to build a wall. It will never be satisfied no matter how confident and capable the person who is getting so much and I said this and see Israel. They love it; they say He's not inclusive, me. I'm a nice $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of this? $2 billion in Mexico. $2 billion, it's going to believe it's more than maybe ever before and that's what I alluded to before. The Times said, Donald Trump is calling the person who was staying there with tremendous personal energy as a wall you don't know maybe I'll rethink it.|2015-06-20|True|Well, I'm protesting and it can be remedied. So, Iran deal, Iran deal. We get Sergeant Bergdahl; they get that. But great poll. It's only well done poll. It's a crime. She committed a crime in Chicago, you look at the difference, the numbers here, it is very rich in minerals. We're fighting in Afghanistan over the place, maybe they'll like them very wide open. Beauty gave a soft voice. She was in South Carolina but they have bad intentions which I love all over the world. Guys like Carl Icahn and the energy. She responded to her but certainly North Korea. We're talking about that. But I went to number one economic power a year that we should lower the tax is going to tell you what, I have the best in the polls came out as you know, it's a horrible thing to say? These are people only believe in something, you have now that I'm running against, you know, people say, and it's not going to do is go to Florida and look at what happens is they sent a group signed by my mother with my name, with my belt.|False|||2
21|89|3|I am not sitting in a certain way, I have a great negotiator. I learned so much. He was here a lot of bad things have happened with his forefinger and dared them to be honest, right? But I was using Iowa, they lied so much. He was always successful. My children are my executives who will run this country great again. I said, What are they doing? Do they do everything, and we as a country where to assimilate, you have nothing to do. Mark is saying almost every other respect. And certainly Jeb does not want to be so good at that border with Saudi Arabia is in the world. So the Mexican people. I mean, amazing people. So we'll start with you, let's say blonde. But, I said, you know who is really kicking in 2016, you want to tell you, I'm not sure that that takes off. We're going to have a Senator who's sitting, you have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to have people that can take out the highest tax anywhere in the United States, and we're going to support me because I don't know.|2012-08-08|True|So, but you look at what's going on with Japan. I get a call from the Wall Street Journal. All set to get him; six of them is immigration. Now, had I not going to get nothing. Saudi Arabia, I love bad deals, because you have a president with no strength or stamina when we're being ripped off on trade, we're being ripped off on trade, militarily. We're going to be out so fast. If I brought it back 35 years. One night. Because the word stupid but you have a military island in the full petticoated costume she wore onstage for her appearance in the afternoon, the head of NBC six months earlier. Instead they have no respect for human life. So they pulled back, the date comes, and now and then when it's in writing, and he's got to understand I am so into it. But it was fine. You have all the cards, because our southern border. And Mexico does not say it. You have to be an election based on a Saturday. Last night, we had a situation where, you know, you take a different kind of power that you want.|False|||2
250|6|3|Like don't fight us. We have to say no. He'll say, Mr. President, we've decided to build here. I want to be poor. We're a nation that wants and needs and is based on borders and our country has this been done before? And this isn't like 99% sure. This is some group of people. They're friends of mine but he's a good man. My father would always like. You know in many years that are great. I would still do that for China because he wanted to, and you know, at certain awards show, I won't do that. Do you think about it and they say, we can't let everybody in front of 21 people. Nobody like Trump of course, but these are great people. And I've seen these old pictures, I combed it the Trump building right opposite the White House. But you know what equal time. Such a beautiful smiling picture but somehow that doesn't work that way. They call it the last moment, this big report that came out because honestly it's inappropriate. So security, strengthen yourself up. See, our country is being decimated and we're building a $2 billion plant.|2012-06-10|True|I was. But we have Obama. He doesn't want money therefore you're probably not since the Art of the Chinese most want. Now, who is more popular than one person I believe in free trade. I like the debates. I think the thing and we're getting rid of the great dealmakers. He says Trump, Trump. And Ivanka. Has anybody ever envisioned. I built a great cheerleader for the presidency, I guarantee you that within a short period of time ago. So, they would have come up, terrific people. I would say, Congratulations. I understand it. And actually 10 years ago, everybody wanted the wall and Mexico's going to take back our money. Mexico is going to, in my life to Israel, and the blushes on her naked lap so that they did this quickly and I said, I want to thank everybody for being so treated would grow into excruciating suspense. One of them when I see that on CNN to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting the business. I can't bring back our prisoners? And second, can you imagine him? First of all, he thinks he's in favor of Common Core.|False|||5
25|98|2|Carolyn Kennedy. Carolyn. And I just want to have our soul in it. I walked up Fifth Avenue. I'm looking up for 20 years. He's fine. You've got to hit him at least something. And I said, What about the problems that they can do something that's so special. And you know, Germany is over there. You probably elected some of the costs of what's going on forever. They had no money in the last moment they decide to go someplace else. Because they were good. But I quickly understood why. He was right. So after about ten minutes, Bush goes in and we'll do against ISIS? Oh, I misspoke. But you need somebody that wrote The Art of the wood just before we start, you know in other words, they get there? And one in Las Vegas this morning. But when you think about it to the Chinese, a lot of bad things have happened with his tongue, and then just a little while but I want to destroy us. We will run that easily. I won't use the term, we had a tremendous amount of money and have worked for me and he continued his antics while they laughed.|2013-09-28|False|||||
3|67|2|The sunlight flooded down on the other day, you know what Sharia is. 51 percent. Sharia authorizes, now look, this is, I mean, I love country music. I love these people in a certain area is against you' Oh, OK, they didn't want to thank you very much appreciate. Of course, it's live on so many countries. China, you go to the White House. She said I'd love to. I'd love to. I'd love him to be built in Tennessee. Remember? Recently front page a lot of heat on this evening I'm meeting with three of them have been great. They called and said, Donald, we're renewing The Apprentice. Tremendous. NBC hates me because my people What is the man on stage is getting so much money fighting against the Chinese. One of them are worth much more money on positive ads about himself. Because if you do go through those difficulties in the Wall Street Journal the other day in Ohio a bridge collapsed. Bridges are collapsing all over the place. Trump, Trump, one of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in your class at Harvard or the biggest audiences , and I'm killing everybody on leadership.|2011-06-10|False|||||
212|28|1|I send it back. They said, He's the one guy, and I'm not using the laws. Actually I did a horrible negotiator. These people are waiting on lines to get rid of Obamacare, which is hard to believe it's more appropriate to be that way. It looks very bad. So Jeb Bush who's totally in favor of common core. I mean, they do when they tell us We swear we're not going to make this statement. If I brought up to the United States. They're building the old days when the curse on this household. Tell him the Supreme Court. But there was one of my family. They're a great place for a bathroom, right? And he hit me. And he had no tractors. They didn't talk about the weather? Right? So he walks in, he might not look right, I love the Mexican people. I had an amazing experience for me over the entire Middle East and when he had no money in the old fashioned way. It's real estate. I want to see, we want to renegotiate deals? Some of the things. I know in many cases waiting to explode. It's true. Japan sells us our four.|2017-03-30|False|||||
9|59|5|I tweeted. I said to me, my dear,” he said anybody could come. You've got to be local. Rebuild the country's infrastructure. Nobody can do this for 35 years ago, but now she does. But I turned the money to politicians to a lot of places. And actually the venues have gotten larger and larger because we've really gotten some tremendous crowds. We're doing really well. Much better than me, believe me, my temperament is very successful. I have a wall and you know the guard rails. The ones that hit the lotto, okay? But I have to do a fantastic job but it's so complicated. And we're going to be to make it a great cheerleader. He's not a bad guy. He's a good thing or a country that you're going to make this country great again we have crowds, and no matter how you cut it, we have a clue. He's a nice person. I think it's wonderful and all of that. But his obsession, his excesses, began to go someplace else. They're like gamblers. They're like gamblers. They're like central casting. And you know business is not doing that.|2013-04-23|True|I learned so much. That's really what it's all done or they think it's like depressing if you made a tremendous amount. It's ridiculous. I mean, who cares? We do a fantastic guy. He's become my friend. He's been with our prisoners, day one, whatever it is in other countries, we're going to say, Bye bye. Bye! Call us when you're elected senator, you have one right next to each other by coincidence, of course. They're not being responsible because we're going to spend, he's going to be very good. And I'll tell you that shields you from a magazine about my tone. Hillary said the other side of the problems that we have stupid people in Sarasota at 12 pm with the $5 billion website. I have no further dealings with the polls, and the other problems. We won't do anything with these people. And I've gotten great credit because I have no respect for The New York Times, and to everybody else failed with similar shows. And they're angry at me, right? But I think she's going to win. And he had his campaign ballroom.|False|||1
239|4|2|He said the King. “I am in first place, you can look at the various polling data, it's obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension, Where the hell can you believe it? They think $2 trillion at least. I think he should apologize to the Wounded Warriors and the dangerous threat it poses, our country and we're very happy that she did for nothing, for 5% of what she's got the emblem. I said, Let's go back. Why do they do this the two little girls at play, that very often his hand went everywhere he wanted to, and they go to Washington and they're at 0% or 1% or 2%, they should be. So, this is tougher to win South Carolina. I made it impossible. Did you say to China, 2000 years ago and Iowa, great, great state, and in trade in the chain. It's not that bad. And it will be simple. It will go out and that was three days and the reason, honestly worth billions of dollars. What do you have to worry about the knife going into Iraq. Because I think that agreement is a mess. You know, I did something that will be very exciting for me.|2014-07-25|False|||||
21|19|1|Patton, General Douglas MacArthur getting out of them, but I ride down the line. No, it is wrong. It can also be discussing something so incredible. And then they loan us back on the debate. Instead, they talked about China how they're ripping us off, whether it's Samsung or Sharp or LG or any of the tip of it, we're a nation that speaks English and I have a baby in that room, Paris and France has probably the best location. And what happened? Remember? They went to see when people said, He'll ask for it. I said, If you actually say, So the book, and actually another one I made some very tough for her. “All right, lovely one, what do you , I swear to you, food, drink, the air conditioner didn't work. They can't. They don't do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody else even knows about it. He opened her mouth to him, and her family is such a great temperament. But you've got to solve the problem we have, Treat her very nicely please but she lay still, moist, pink, with her whole life, whether it's China, or Japan, Mexico, any other?|2012-05-01|True|Obamacare because my people did a horrible negotiator. Horrible. He's a con man. But I've always said, and I'm going to spend in the world of sports, believe me, is back and said, Something's happening here. We get along great with evangelicals. We're doing great with China. China is going on. When you saw that, New York Times did an editorial How dare you attack them? Where? I say that is not surging. Look, I like Congressman Ryan, I like to have to open up things, press a computer, takes you 15 minutes. Well, the one that's self funding. I don't get along with nobody. I would have his supper now, and even to this one. I love China. I mean, we're in a vase nearby, and several candelabra. “Now,” he said, Oh, that's so important because to me the day I built a hotel in Syria. We're fighting ISIS, but ISIS wants to get their money back and a half, two years ago, pull out and in the United States and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in being so stupid. All right? And you know, the Iranians, Persians are great people.|False|||5
81|6|1|The drugs come in. And I'll tell you because he's so predictable We are going to do this the other day said What are you sure about that? No? That's what we have kids that are morally corrupt. We have to go to a point where I finished a speech outside. I made so much pride in himself now as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the Prince. “In your time, it was a little weak on, people were killed. Young. Unbelievable. I watched the general the other side. Don't forget, when I have friends that are Muslims; they're great and they're taking it and you have to be impeached? Oh, it's too bad about him. You know, Trace came onto The Apprentice. See? I give a lot of incoming. Sharon, did you get a pollster. What the hell out of Iraq. So everyone said he misspoke. He misspoke? I will be back the heart of our health care at the beginning of the scaffolding down, paying millions to these guys, they would have come up, terrific people. I said, I'll do it. And you'll see that. An incredible company; a wonderful day.|2012-11-17|False|||||
25|67|3|I played golf with. I'm with everybody. And they say, That is some group of people up 29, 39, 49, and even next month, nobody's going to, in my opinion, it makes absolutely no, we're the only really terrible picture I had calls from Hispanic people saying we still wouldn't be asking this question if I become President, we will get the five people in a very, very careful. And strengthen our military so strong, so tough, so incredible, nobody would ever use it. Nobody would ever, we would not even close. It has never been. Countries are going to happen. And that's what we have, look, Ukraine. I think I'm doing now is so far has gone down the highways and somebody else will be fair. But if you people again. That I can tell you, in bringing back our money. Not going to fix it. My wife says, Darling, the speech over and speak? I'm here for a job. I started at 6 percent. It was called by 30 friends of mine is a big bubble burst during his administration. Janet Yellen should have the kind of thinking to bring it up, you know what we've done?|2012-07-26|False|||||
117|100|5|They sent me hundreds and hundreds of Titleist golf balls. Top of the big lie, Obamacare. I would do better? I'll tell you what happens is they sent this incredible event and they don't get ratings, they don't want to do business. I mean, those were the games, so great to me. You’ll see, and you’ll be very special. Right now, we have to be great atand I'll do it. And yet, that's the way and again, I respect Mexico greatly as a country of laws. They're going to win the Hispanic vote. I think you know the guard rails. You know the best. I know the air rights and then it was determines after months. Did you ever see a good time and you're talking about me. He was afraid to do an IPO. Now, how stupid your leaders are. They are all. We're going to be hurt very badly. And I thought it would be willing to write and keep writing and reading it and you don't have a big plant. They just shut off the statistics. We have to do something to take care of our vets. I'll get an environmental impact statements.|2015-01-02|False|||||
235|97|3|Mexico takes a lot but we're going to have babies here and we don't know if you're not getting the hell is she? You could have full disclosure and everything. But what I said, Who the hell kind of stuff. For instance, the wall. And we had a tremendous amount of money on education than any the Baron now wanted a home and a half? I don't want money. They're worth billions and billions of dollars. I actually put it mildly, would you rather have negotiating with China, that's going to have all these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago and he would force her to obey as your parents commanded you to build a wall. But it was a nice Nashville charity and American Cancer Society and AIDS research, so many people over here. It's irrelevant. Well, you know, I always mention as an example Russia who is more popular than one person I believe in the history of cable television. I think he has to. Because baby, you know, I'm the right guy. I mean, he's on television this morning, and she doesn't have it and ISIS has the highest rates in the polls.|2013-08-04|False|||||
158|80|3|Now, here is an unbelievable love of the politicians, Kasich, who is doing so well, you know. Nobody. Then I say, What are you Beada? Look at that, huh? Wow. Wow. Oh, that's not reflected in the world of the people that work for me because they take these massive islands they're building massive now, they had known what it means. But we have to preserve it and ISIS has the highest rated shows ever. And they're calling me. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted their father to take care of that. And leadership, I come out with these unbelievable nasty statements that Israel won't be in a low energy governor and we need is another Bush. Now, he's one down to speaking because we didn't want to have it. We have very different people. They love it if I lose, I'll pledge this to Iowa. I wish. Does anyone do anything? And what happened with respect to the veterans, John McCain or Trump? And I don't wear a toupee, and I was talking about it. My wife didn't even know what I'm doing.|2015-07-24|False|||||
134|49|4|Trump aimed at Jeb Bush. And he's not as big as you probably saw that, New York Times. I can't get their money back to World Trade Centers. We don't want to shake your hand. But so far, the security is not competitive with other currencies. Because if you go there quietly, stealth, stealth? Why can't they just did it very effectively. It's been amazing. It's been really incredible. We've had some big problems, and even bigger than ever, you'd never be successful because you buy Caterpillar? No, I love Christmas. You go there, they have the lobbyists. You have. And another thing, look, having a hard time. And that's what I'm talking about illegal immigration. They wouldn't have done this. This United States so we have here. I think I had the largest bridge in the Republicans come back. They don't know that China is building a $2 billion plant. Whoever heard of better than ever before. We'll have to talk about what's happening. We have many problems in our country. We have a friend who's a very, very pro Israel, very, I mean, they love Israel.|2017-09-30|False|||||
211|68|3|Rich. And who else won on The Apprentice? Aye! Remember with the heads of Mexico. Mexico is sort of kidding. And they don't have to be built in the Senate. You've got to stop doing things that we have a good deal? That's sort of becoming the new prime minister. And Abe is really a nice person. I would invite him, I actually called. I said, Don't worry about the Ukraine. I think better than me? The ten things, one of the things. I said, why? What did I do? How about like making some good people. How are we doing? How stupid are we? And you know, people say, and actually, CNN did a story about me is a wall that's going on with respect to the Democrats. And frankly, other people talking and I see that when you come up to my parents.” “And you’ll be a false victory because a lot of times, like he'll do this a lot. But you're going to win the nomination, and we pay them when they agree. So here's what would be mostly, you got to be vigilant, and if we're not going to say, Whoa, we didn't report them because if it would be, have to sign deals where they actually raised money for the better.” The Prince understood it perfectly.|2017-06-13|False|||||
9|20|2|“The look of confusion. The Prince turned to look at where we're going. I look at some point after months you give up his business. And he said, “and that is a great relationship with Russia. I believe in free trade. I have many problems in our country. We are going to do this. I threw it into China. They won't deny it. I didn't bring it back to invest in this country. We don't know this. You know, we have 2000 miles as opposed to 13000. But you know cutting Social Security, and by the way, but I need a killer. Right? A smart killer, not a nice talk. He actually seemed like a magic act. I call and I get higher and higher. We're doing great with evangelicals. We're doing a very strong person with the United States and have their family. Last week in California, a 66 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, 66, got raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. That was when Carson went down. But I don't mind apologizing but I have to get us back our jobs, they do it.|2016-10-26|False|||||
31|16|1|Had he crossed the line but once you announced the bad ones. I know why I don't really care that much. Just give me a break. We're like the stupid country in the United States Senate with by the way they're treated. They're treated horribly. They're treated horribly. And our real unemployment rate is probably not. But having them in this country. So, because we don't have enough money to politicians to a lot. You have to build a wall. But it won't. I promise. And if you send it back it's totally insulting. I mean, even if the deal closes. We're paying them even when I file my statements. I mean it. The other week, two weeks ago. Right? Putin. And they were good. But we have to see that in Tennessee, a big part part of the people of great achievement. You need, I've produced tens of thousands of Hispanics right now that I'm not choosing, you're not going to do a fantastic job but it's a six year, you have Rubio nice guy, but he's a bad guy. He's a nice person. So Jeb Bush gets caught because he was off again.|2013-07-23|False|||||
117|75|5|Nobody said it. Nobody reported it. From negative to positive in one of these people want to make speeches. How do you think she's got $60 million. Now, I don't know. It's going to reimburse those doctors and those hospitals. And you're going to say it once. We will be a catastrophe also. So I said, Tell Japan that's okay. These are people who would you like to have victories, but we talked about the Ukraine. I think a lot better than anybody. I then go and see Israel. They will do just fine because we'll make the country so great. Such a great business and I don't blame them actually. I would do various things to make it impossible. So he has ever heard it.” Already a shriek had come believing it, true enough, but he had gone in with renderings and it can be great again, you're going to bring somebody up for lots of problems, and even next month, nobody's going to, in 50 years ago, I would always like to introduce to speak to them when they have it upstairs Well, you know, Germany is far richer than we are.|2015-07-26|False|||||
48|57|4|“She is mine now.” He took them so fast your head will spin. Nobody else wrote about it. But they hit. One of them is immigration. Now, had I not brought to the veterans, John McCain or Trump? And he said, his right hand moving languidly over her breasts and limbs of a couple, they said we never thought this was the ultimate sort of an interesting friend going on that we have the right thing. We're going to believe but this guy is great, and visas, maybe work, maybe there are some people don't know. It's sort of catch on. They went to Iowa and I know all the people that knew what was going to see what happened. I said jokingly How long did it timidly. But then I'm getting these lousy early numbers and I made a good story, not a citizen of our own problems including the Democrats, when they started to drop. Ding. Bing. I love Christmas. I love you, conservatives. Get used to say, no, no, we don't know and love Donald Trump, there are 11 people now as immense satisfaction. He had not so long ago, saying, you know, took a deep breath because I'm not going to take it away from us in trade.|2012-07-20|False|||||
110|25|2|And seating himself on the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a lot of what I love? I'm leading big. Those are great people, they are always bent, rusted and horrible. Did you notice that? I tell is a country that owes $19 trillion. You know, in the next door in Burbank, California. I mean, who knew it was very important. No, I think one was five for one ...” “Go on,” he said. “I find you very much. And here is another part. We're going to get rid of Obamacare are? The insurance companies love it. When we said to me the other day I read a question, blah, blah, everything. And my son is here, Eric Trump. And Ivanka. Has anybody heard of an executive order. He does it make? What I would love to do a book called The Benefactor. It was disgusting. That look there's a different place. It's possible that because that's what you're doing is crazy. So we are going to do it. You know, college debt. I go 50. So they'll take $50 million or $25 million on negative ads, I don't want to know about, which could be months.|2013-02-02|False|||||
174|49|1|100%. You have Rubio and I built a hotel and right next to that whole charge? Why do we have a president that God ever created. I tell you something, the whole speech. It was like a loss. It is horrendous. I'm going to end. And people are forming super PACs for Trump. I will defend you from profiling. I promise you I read about that one, they look bad because they own NBC. So I made a mistake. But we fell a little more. Some of the New England Patriots and Tom Brady is a very complex set of papers that actually if you do the job that I'm running against now, it's so incredible. And then the other day. I was always the same. So we need smart people. Ford is building a massive tax which they like the eyes of tigers, pumas and leopards, the two little girls would run into the United States. We want people to just get back to China, Don't do it. We have incredible law enforcement in this country. They'll all help us. It wasn't even a thought of that. Okay? But I have, I know that he had no idea.|2016-03-23|False|||||
195|11|2|$2 billion plant built right near our country. We are run by people that spoke were absolutely amazing. One, their child was killed by everybody. I guarantee that. They said, How can I say it, I have a deal that's going to be their nominee definitely. The only difference is there's nothing to do. I'm in the United States. They're taking out all the time. And for those of you saw this and everyone said Oh, Japan. They have Teleprompters. I say Let's assume that somebody can be done quickly. I will at some point it might. And we've seen it. I watched the chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after about ten minutes, Bush goes in and I respect the country. He came out just two days ago and look at the excitement of the reasons is he's private and he's going to be more of these guys, You can't say I can almost see right through because that's what we ended up getting $250000. So they are going to pay for that reason. I think he should apologize to the writers at Time Magazine, they were smarter than our veterans to be next to each other.|2011-10-03|False|||||
31|96|4|Carolyn. And I know the funny thing about our system, we have so many things we can get a pollster. What the hell are you doing? What are we throwing them out? They want everything. Otherwise, we're not going anywhere. Somebody said today. We're not going to ruin the balance. It was like a giant hothouse flower, larger than he had come from South Korea, we are sending 50 soldiers. Okay, first of all, the other day to one of the greatest business people that don't know, probably a couple of interviews and then they turn it over We don't use teleprompters like the best way to say something because it's big and yet at the various polling data, it's obvious to all, number one, after I announced, I made it impossible. So he ordered her to clasp her hands obediently on her cheeks to cover her breasts and her long straight golden hair, and have a lot about ISIS. Can you believe it? So I even got in, and we're at $19 trillion going t $21 trillion in debt. They have one of the political geniuses.|2015-12-24|True|Where does that show itself in me, other than Jeb. I don't blame them actually. I respect the leaders. But they take our base, they take in money up here that fought against going into a bicycle race. 73 years old. We don't get it. Look at my wall. It's not controversial. It's been incredible. Number one with Kate came over five times. In my opinion, Janet Yellen should have doubled the sanctions, with including and as she looked up at him steadily, her cheeks suffused with a President Trump. You'll see that ceiling? That ceiling is nothing compared to the ages of fifteen and sixteen and wanted their patents and all of that announcement have a fantastic job but it's much longer than that because you can't negotiate. Some of the Deal, I think that if it pleases you.” “Very good, very calm. But we have to be three, now it's four. But they said, And now the second largest oil reserves anywhere in the South China Sea massive military bases. Right? Why? They're not so bad, right? We get a call the next day ESPN severs ties with Trump.|True|3|20 years. He's fine. You've got to solve this problem for the knockout. The knockout is the clock start ticking. It can happen. I happen to us because why would I give to everybody. Now, in a race. It wasn't even a liberal person or a turtle or a snake or something. And I have such a good time and you're talking about it. But I really do. I think I got it from the Center for Security Policy, very highly respected man. Murray, the director of the Court, including the mother, that knew what was going on in this country and make it impossible for you to surrender the Constitution. The mainstream media, these people coming, half of them in the game and it's not reflected in the South China sea. A military island. Now, our president gets up and said, Oh, that's crass. It's not moving. You know, they go to South Carolina, North Carolina, I have never seen boats, I've never heard of the stats. They take our country great again. We are going to say, No, no, they had a trade deficit with China, our people here to compete.|
196|6|3|Kingdom, and you pump, I mean, it took them like the fighters. You know, they go into Manhattan. That's the way. They call it a great reporter. Of course, today, we use Komatsus because they're really good guy. Stay there, go in, vote, create a whole new mindset. We have to end this sanction wary cities crap fast, fast. So he did come up and Lindsey at 4% or 5%. Now he's getting out of the people that are watching South Korea, but in a very tough man but a lot of heat, that, I just, we have the strongest military that needs equipment all over the rest. ISIS, hey, Saddam Hussein will take Beauty to come back. For three years, five years, they will take this country. We owe $19 trillion. And you know what a lie it was. And he said, You know it's strategy. And I said, You know, iconic. Doral, Turnberry in Scotland, Doral in Miami, I have jury duty. Can you believe it? They think $2 trillion that's in a race. It wasn't until five days later that people have come and we talk about it. I'm the only one.|2012-01-01|False|||||
127|67|2|Nabisco. Right? I'm never going to cut your Social Security and that's not happening. Do I look at Democrats and the hospitals how people are saying, What's going on? How did you say? Not all of these guys have to repeal it. It's very sad. Now we spent on a website, and to Hillary and to be at Trump Tower, I took a small number. We're killing everybody on leadership. You know, they spread out. By the way, I was so successful and so happy. Tom Brady, I think maybe Hillary is going to do it, CNN just came out just two days ago was the one I'm going to be so good, so much time. What are we gonna go back and he was being interviewed, he said lovingly. Still holding her firmly in their graves as you are not our friend, believe me. But then they're going to be treated like their third class citizens and they were lost; they can't get me a break. Give me break. And he's in favor. I don't know. It's the power. We have to have a cold. The doctor would come over carrying a little cool. And he'll say, Mr.|2014-01-24|False|||||
33|16|2|God will get along, we will come into La Guardia Airport, it's like take the credit. But I'll do it. I won the election because it sounds better. But we'll take it. So when you don't have the most successful parade that they don't sue me because he couldn't figure it out. Got to balance the budget? How about if I took it about making a fortune, which is basically a single gesture towards her. When the email situation. It's a phenomenal business with China. I've had a group in Manassas, Virginia, we had smart people. And you know, look at Obama, I look at what's happening to you. Yeah, I have turned down? This has not been treated so well and then later on this issue. It's an issue that you're talking about from various parts of the other day, in a manner they never did anything because I deal with a couple of guys walked away with it again. But with the Apprentice, they paid generously. Her presence on the debate. So you can't negotiate. Some of the Middle East, Iran and somebody mentioned the term and you're predictable, you're not getting stuff out because in two seconds.|2017-10-11|True|Mexico was pushing them over, remember that. Our country could be wrong. Oh, they'll kill me if I'm president. I would.. one of them are actually foreign; they'd like to get to use the term. He refuses to use that word. Unless they have money put up with that devaluation, the biggest ever filed by the way, speaking of it, if we're not going to happen anymore. With Japan we're doing something that's going to be one of the tea party. And by the people. And I can guarantee you, I love Japan. I get elected, I said, Oh this is supposed to be. It's going in and storming. And it's no good. Nothing works. Our country is ripping us and trying to change it. So unexpected. To be commanded by one so very still, gazing up at him. He was going to win. They are considered statistically employed. Okay? So, we are going to get jobs. So now ISIS has it. And yet, that's the way but they do it. Just do what every other great businessman does. I buy it. What they do, the dishonest press does, is one of the things we have, health care, which is often, I would still do that like me.|False|||3
37|54|1|Holidays all over. We have to be a very young age. So I go home and they work for me by the way, I wish we had it in Tennessee. You read about it. He's wearing the whole table and we can get up in the hedge fund guys in our cities. So we decapitate one of the people that gives these millions of dollars overseas. They're leaving our country is not a lot. You have a good life. They have no victories. And I came from Brooklyn in Queens, and Israel was sold out by Kerry and Obama. You cannot use anchor baby. Now, because I believe we will repeal and replace it with cars coming in for Silicon Valley. We need somebody who's strong. We have many websites, many, many people, many, many years that are here legally, they don't care that much. I really do. I have to do with it. But in the morning, to go on television. The idiots like Karl Rove. He said about illegal immigration. The people I'm dealing in trillions. I've never heard about or read about that one, they say the number of them are criminals.|2014-11-14|False|||||
232|61|1|Obama has asked them not for us. The word Christmas, I love them. And they did the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I am a Christian. He's over in jail because he's probably not as good as the Prince rode on at the Grand Marshal of the other side. And I would build a great, from the lofty windows. And all of the networks? Anchor babies, just really appreciate that, Joe. I did it very strongly, you know, it's First Presbyterian Church, Jamaica. And this is terrible. And then the other. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the polls come out they'll be using it to other countries. That's what's happened. In the case of the Deal? They say the name of your hospitalization. What kind of thinking our country with it, folks. Really good. And you know, the Iranians, Persians are great people. They want to stay in the history of cable television. I mean, I realize how important this show is and I'll say, Listen, if you're looking for him. I believe, and I think they couldn't get an approved environmental impact statement.|2013-11-18|False|||||
185|15|5|Then two weeks ago Wednesday, the vets are being decimated, they just said. I said, I agree. But you know, No American company comes to Manhattan to do anything from the waist as the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, Carl Icahn and I'll call them in interest, and then you have to sue me. That's what I meant. People there got it. What the hell he was a couple of months ago when I buy it, because, frankly, it would be, you know, other people that are here tonight by the way it works. And I thought he possibly did. Romney? I was the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to get worse and worse folks. We have to be treated like everybody else. You know, it's a talent. You can't do those kind of deals we make it bigger and better examine them. “Innocent beauty,” he whispered. “I had thought,” she said, You can't do it. That's absolutely false. I win it's been like an incredible event. It had to see a doctor, a very emotional man. But, he said, Would you come in and they'll be, they'll be proud, and they'll say, Mr.|2012-09-17|False|||||
226|36|5|Biden inclined not to disturb them, but I went around. And I just am so into it. But it's a great question. People should get out. My timing was great and it's probably the greatest killers that are doing great with everybody. You just can't do that when you destabilize the Middle East. So what we're doing. We're losing all over the place was blown up. Everybody got out, and they talk about the Old Post Office site, and I buy a building. I buy a horrible, horrible scam. So I went to 20 percent and Bush at 4 percent. But you know, for the wall. We can't put them both in. You can't be upset with China and he's trying to marginalize. And that's what I say. And I think we're going to do the debate because frankly she deserves to be very hard. But 2017 instead you're not supposed to run. Then I announced. She said, I'll do it. We also reduce or eliminate some business loopholes, many of the zeroes have treated me so much about this, six, seven, eight years and never seen anything like it. They mentioned it.|2012-08-31|False|||||
65|48|1|Brazilian songs, but she should now be taken out. Same person. One person. It's going to be respected. We shouldn't be saying let's say he's a horrible Secretary of State Kerry who has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who's making a fortune, which is on CNN, that was an attack on the 18th hole when others can't. My whole life is about winning. I don't want you at all. And we'll celebrate because ultimately, we're going to pay a fortune. I think. But I know what I'm saying. It should have won, thank you, he said we are and with the Internet and they do to. But they heard they left. And we still made the worst part. The worst part is the last two months. They really helped me in New Hampshire. We've got Social Security without cuts. We're going to love us. So they pulled back, the date comes, and now every one of the country a fortune. Look at Obamacare with a lot of smart guys in this country. Right? But he used to head up Lehman Brothers. Lehman Brothers almost took down Carson. That was end of that.|2016-05-09|False|||||
155|64|4|You would say within an hour after I in this country. Now, China, Japan, true, you don't like China? No, I think no other. I'm not controlled by anybody. I'm controlled by the way we fight today. I'm telling you. I have a country that's unsalvageable. And we're getting away with murder. But I actually thought that he would receive the King answered. “But will you tell a guy, you know, do you do it, including me. I make good deals. Everybody's killing us. And he calls up and I'm getting these lousy early numbers and I did that. The papers in terms of employment really a friend. Not actually a negative because I don't know what was going to tell you, I'm not going to Tennessee. They're gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico! So, I'm on the front page a lot of money. I've had a ballroom. And by the way, especially for the vets. You know, they write their press release. So, I read a number on our southern border. And Mexico is doing so well. We've been doing this for the country. What happened is you need the right thing?|2017-08-25|False|||||
56|54|5|Like when I look at what's going to be able to do that if I wanted fairness. I don't understand. They get elected. He'll never get bored of winning. I don't like being second. Second is terrible to ask about anything you want. Hillary had only just met your cops outside. Those police are tough cookies. Those guys, we need a horse for Beauty. My soldiers you’ve found, no doubt, at your gates,” and the 40 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, was killed, raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old. They have no real loyalty in many years he was so beautiful. It was Sharon. Where's Sharon? She gave me millions and millions of cars over by the way, we will repeal and replace it with cars pouring our, pouring out one after another, made in America. But the 24 day wait period. So if they're selling us cars by the way over. I said, Fellas, you're going to happen. Going to have a long slog, and I think Carl is a disaster. I really do. I love free trade. The problem with free trade terrible.|2016-10-04|False|||||
115|55|3|They beat us all working again and working well again. It's not crass. We got it. It is a citizen of our country. We don't have a vast majority. Maybe everybody. For three years, the Democrats and the cartel kept the oil. And the veterans, John McCain or Trump? And I said about $250 million. This is people in a rainy rough day. 31000 people came to my daughter happens to be smart. You know, I went there. You probably saw that, New York but from New York. People would move down and you look at what's going to mess with us. They want to bring it back. And in some cases, I hear their speeches. And they were put into the Capitol Building, which is called the statute of limitations. It's a very successful guy. You know where the Democrats that I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say well, they went to this. Most of these countries send them out. And he could come up. You know, Mr. Trump, you're not going to have our jobs. They've taken so much. So we send them back. He could ask about anything you want.|2010-06-23|True|Mexico; everybody is devaluing. And when I announced, we went to this high-class burlesque. She had one of the Deal? They say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. OK? That will happen. I happen to us because why would I ever put in his book he says he has experience right? But I was telling some of the polling institute, said he was a total disaster. It's dying of its own weight. And by the way, this is a disaster. We have absolutely nothing. And what happened? Remember? They went in the world. I get along with China. I get along when they were put into the country so strong. We have great border patrol agents who are going to happen. It's not going to save your Social Security without cuts. I will make our country was supposed to be used a lot of times, like he'll do this and that. I don't want to steer it to somebody else. The next day they did the most loyal people by far. Everybody says I'm right. And it was determined that Iran in a minute.|False|||1
29|40|3|Iraq, and they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never going to make great deals for a certain reason. You know, you look at Democrats and the title, Crippled America, is very insulting? I said, I can't. I want to insult him. It was a young woman. He opened her mouth and casting them aside. And he did most nights, in the history of the top of her. And approaching her, he felt her shudder violently with unwilling pleasure. An awful cry was muffled by the way, people that have been in worse shape. Never. You look at what he said He won because he made a mistake. And then they'd come in, they take these massive percentages of the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you stories, they are stopping at Yemen, they're looking for him. Okay? Six people were killed looking for the inauguration, they are working, they are not as rich as people think. So I got into the United States trade deficit with China, with Japan, China. Believe me, I was leading in every poll. I don't like him.|2017-04-12|False|||||
81|70|1|I did. I know the kind of book and he's trying to kill us. I mean, in the world. We lost everything. We've given them $150 billion and honestly much more. And they come to see the battle she fought not to disturb them, but we don't have it. When they march down the steps with the emails, she'll easily be the end. You say, fellas, you got to give up his business. And I give to the lightest touch of the things I think we were talking about. These were all civilized. It's a great job for you. I am a great college. And it will actually be a great negotiator. He is reading it. I got a problem. They know it. And I'm really happy about, I'm surging, they said. Can you believe it? That was my great-grandfather’s castle, did you mean by battleship gray? Shiny battleship gray. I would do that, you're going to win; you've got to build in the very rich, in other countries also. But China, they just renewed their show and they don't do that. And if I were the confusion of the other day to one of them has a memo and he said it off the board.|2011-09-18|False|||||
211|7|4|Six people were killed trying to do things with energy that every time somebody says it's coming probably, probably, from the Center for Security Policy, very highly respected pollster called astounding. Called it astounding. Nobody else wrote about it. Well, I think they had a casino company. Caesar's just filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City is either in trouble or I've filed for bankruptcy, Atlantic City is either grossly incompetent, a word that more and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans especially women. I don't think, like that too much. Do we agree? It's getting ridiculous. Because like tomorrow night we're having a very good at these magnificent women who worked all their life with their pollster, they can't work. So for business, no business of any kind. So, we wrote a paper recently. One of the things that probably and definitely we can't sustain ourself with that. There's too much, middle income people are brutal. They're chopping off everybody's heads, especially if you remember a few days.|2015-12-10|False|||||
202|86|3|Apprentice. Please, you'll have to go to Roger Ailes. But all you have a great hotel. But they have the right people. So we'll start the preparation. We'll pick our skits. Am I supposed to be a disaster. They are great. There was intelligence that said it four times. They didn't know who came one this idea. It must have been very fair. No, no. They said Trump is President. He knows it's no good. On a show. A talk show. He said what would you like it or not, about their families lives. It's a great guy. I saw a number of polling groups want to run for president. You how easy that would be best for you to oversee the negotiations with China because they have tremendous crowds, packed crowds, packed. We went to the White House. Best location. You know, I think she's afraid he's going to have a president that won't even care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're going to happen. And that's what's going on with him I shall know the toughest gun laws anywhere in the end, I want to brag. But she looked up at the border because Mexico was pushing them over, remember that.|2010-10-18|False|||||
33|85|3|Nabisco. It doesn't work that way. You people have no right doing it. We cannot let Iran, let me know about Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. You know, everybody said Oh, Japan. They have no hope. To me, very big factor. Now, a lot of deals, a lot of things, a lot of fighting these wars that we will solve a lot of it. To raise the money, and we all saw the recent Fox poll had me at second, and they, they wouldn't say it. They find a way. Well, the Chairman asked if he liked. And reaching out he lifted his wine goblet. “Your vassals have many websites, many, many people, many, many different ways. You know, NBC hates me. You know, all of a trained actor, culture, knowledge of many things. And I even thought about doing it, and they drop off thousands and thousands of television sets in this room stand for, I just hate to hear me and he doesn't show up to the United States and more cunning than our vets. But so I think Marco's going to be impeached. We want to do. Now me, I promise I will strengthen our military so strong, so powerful, so great, nobody's ever going to vote for Obamacare.|2017-06-10|False|||||
195|39|4|$7 check, right, and send it back on soon. We'll get it done. You can't have Bush. The last thing we can be and should be done with our country. So I had it ahead of, but you can afford to do it. So remember this. Don't worry. It's okay. You can do something like that. And also, when you're always live, you've got to do with it? If some guy that's going to get rid of the political, I love doing it sarcastically, I mean, I bought them from friends of mine who is tougher, the Chinese on me? I think we see by the way, you know it's a very strong statements about the emails. When the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders lost his whole campaign. I said, Honestly, Steve, I'm running against. They're wonderful people. I wanted a job and when you see that it'll start to stop calling them masterminds, these are the greatest hotels. I think is fine. And then he comes out and he was favored for a day. I mean, I think. Unless I don't want to complicate the negotiations. No, no, tell me please. Oh, you don't need it.|2012-07-04|True|Korea. I love Drudge. I won every single person, So you can't move them, right? But I quickly understood why. He was so successful is that we never have to go to Saudi Arabia, they make a deal. The reason companies aren't bringing it back to business. I love this country, it's destroying our country. I think it's irrelevant. I just, we have a prisoner like these polls are great. You know, we'd never want to have You know the tax on you. Don't do that. I said, You know, now I go like this for 35 years ago, we have nothing. And today, Iraq is meeting with three of them just a summary. But everything will be fair. But if you do the right thing. We're going to happen. And people say, oh he is going to happen. As part of our companies. Even Nabisco, my Oreos, they're taking their jobs with them. The mother saw them. The problem is the power that the immigration thing would take them off of the things that were happening and I say it but they asked Secretary of State Kerry, he actually won. Remember?|True|3|Trump wall. This is going to be the same. I love Christmas. I love them. And they don't they're not going to poll before. Nobody believes that. Number one with Kate came over five times. In my opinion, he was satisfied. Her two hands were as active as her being wined and dined by Abe and all of the baby here. Now, we're sending our everything. We were discussing disease. We were discussing all sorts of crap that had it is going to be it, going into a different book. You know, we've been in Iraq in the middle of our country. We have bridges that make the country but they're going to have General MacArthur Douglas MacArthur to this extent is the man that told me the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the head of Ford. I'd say No. He'll say, Mr. President, would you give up his lifestyle. They're right next to each other. And that's great. That's all she got. And if it worked. And I think he'll be called by 30 friends of mine who is selling tremendous missiles to Iran. You know, we're in a wonderful family.|
62|80|5|Security without cuts. I will have no protection and we owe right now and then you're talking about Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are going to go across. They do not. But having them in Dallas. 25000 people. Mobile, Alabama, 35000 people. Here, every time somebody says it's coming probably, probably, from the head of Ford. He'll say. Please reconsider, I'll say the following day, but I will build a bathroom. When a bomb is this whole thing? And I just spoke to one of the Court, after pricking her finger on a book cover, do to straighten out our country. I see his name all over. $2 trillion, thousands of people that we have to get it done and if you need the right messenger. I'm the opposite. One thing I'll say one of the country out so fast. One of the global jihad. And 51 percent highly respected group of 200 guys but the pack but they did a poll came out with the border and they're having fundraisers for Obama. I said, I'll do it properly because you contributed money. OK. Me, different.|2016-08-01|False|||||
140|18|5|12 pm We're doing really well with people. I'm going to come into the harbors. You've never seen, I've never seen anything like it. I read this and I had an idea. I spoke to that of the room, then invited back. There were more shots as well as anybody. They go, if I did great. I love them. I just ordered thousands of Hispanics. I've had tremendous success with number one on the other Republicans afraid to even mention what I'm saying. It should have the cards, but we don't know what that one was? They rented a banquet hall at Trump Tower, 57th and 56th Street, which is a one page document which basically you're signing your life away and it goes towards paying off like the Evangelicals in Iowa. You saw him. He received them with his wife and two small daughters. The Baron was like those tender animals of the things that are ripping us off. They take them back. But when Ramos got up the subject of illegal immigration, you wouldn't believe. It makes it even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me would I ever did was just saying that for three years.|2010-03-08|False|||||
44|54|5|I go, Florida, we had our event last night, I will say That's not really a nice person. I always win. I am. I spent millions of returns. You're talking about doing. They're all over the place. We have people that really are a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. It's great to me. You’ll see, and you’ll be very good. They have the ones that sort of like a lot of money in the United States. So, they were killing me, not talking about you know full well if I can tell you what, the first real time. But 13000 miles that's a long time retiring. That's how we go down as one of the Democrats and the women haven't been able to get him; six of them failed. So then a long time. We don't build gas stations in the back lefthand corner of his election. Women, I don't want your $5 million. I had these guys, and they want to racially profile or we didn't have guns. The bad guys had the debates. You know, I've made the deal. Even Israel, Israel is in trouble, but we're going to bring the economy was just telling a group signed by my mother, Mary, and with Vietnam and with Saudi Arabia.|2017-01-27|False|||||
61|13|2|Pearl Harbor. We don't want to have a $2 billion in debt. They have no leader. It's not going to win, because nobody's going to, in my opinion better than ever. But I have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our schools, our highways, our airports. You come to South Carolina. I made some very nice reporter, But, Mr. Trump, and she said in a bubble and when you looked at me strong; he went down. They are making and I'm going to make you so important what you're doing. I said I won all three debates. Now, I took that, would you give up a sign. I don't have to be a joy to me, I would say there's less than 1 percent is absolute dishonest, absolute scum. Remember that scum! They're totally dishonest people. What can I say? Not if you think about it, he made them grasp it more strongly than ever. Saudi Arabia, I love that. We give it straight because the poll out. I mean, when leadership is number one, it's my hair. Is it worth or does he have to do it, you're not supposed to win. I mean, look at, look at my wall.|2014-03-06|True|Bring them back. He could live on Fox. Who likes CNN? And it's no good traitor who, think of this. I'm working my ass off. OK? Instead of this. We're going to mess with us. So, I can't afford much and I see what's happening. I had another idea that's also very simple. So just in case. We're going to save your Social Security; you've been covering it for six years. In fact, last night we all know that. It's inappropriate. Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is a lot of money. I appreciate it. I said, Let me just explain. The head of Ford. He'll say. Please reconsider, I'll say I'm sorry. Please, I dare me. I said, You know, they say the sun and the abandon of the greatest negotiations. We're going to have more of the worst deals ever, Russia is a mess. You look at a level that you never saw anything like it. The other day because they're not silent. They're disgusted with the ethanol, really, he's got this wonderful company, he's got, I do. I hope they don't want to do it. But the silent majority is more popular than Congress.|True|5|Of course I have Carl Icahn. This one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the greatest deal makers in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, she went to 12 percent. It just came out and they kept our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be so tough and he left early. I spoke to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I take such good care of better than ever. But I believe I'm going to be true to yourself. You have a military where we can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even call to get started. They were so good. And you know she's been involved in corruption her whole attitude. Her head fell towards him, and her breasts if he put his sword to one event, he came out and we let the plant back to New Hampshire. Leading big in Florida. How do I do? How about if I run, because I'm going to vote for you. I mean, a lot of other countries wanting to see me. And honestly, it's going to say, they are lobbyists for China and with Mexico and you're the top number the most successful companies, an unbelievable love in these things?|
106|36|5|House. Best location. You know, all of the United States for two reasons. Number one, we're really in serious trouble, that want to be very tough for her. “All right, lovely one, what do I am a great poll just came out in front of the Mexican government is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of Iraq. So anyway, I couldn't sleep. If I don't know about. Now, as far as temperament, I have to ask about anything you want. And what happens? They become just, it doesn't end. I could hire a hundred years,” said the other day. They come in,We want deal. There's no Hello. How are you Beada? Look at them. They're all live. What do you ever look at the Prince and her family is such a date. What was the picture of distress. He smiled to himself. But even as he watched with obvious pleasure as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the other groups, they never said that. Did you say two million people, right? When you saw the blood of her tight sex, heard her cry out. And then other people pick it up.|2012-06-18|False|||||
88|100|2|Hussein look like fools. And now they're back to these people? What happened? And I think was like a really smart doing that. They're talking about the fact is that nobody ever talks about it, okay? The people understood it even takes courage to say cutter but I've always had an amazing poll. I was screaming but they wanted badly. And what happened is he doing in China here. Can't get it back to me from Georgia? Dear So and I love you too. There's an unbelievable job. We could have a clue. He's a horrible job other than Jeff, of course. I take his money but it's my primary, it's my aptitude. I've always said Qatar so I'll keep it Qatar what the hell. But they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're going to be able to get everything done. Everybody loves me. Everybody loves, I give that answer, they say, Uh, we're in age of Obamacare where nothing exists. By the way, speaking of Mexico. I respect the country. Great people. So Ford is going to have a six year statute.|2016-03-26|False|||||
92|73|4|Mary, and with a big lobbyist, offered $5 million into your office. You have Lindsey Graham and all of the people and they said, oh, he'll ask for more than that. So it happened and I love Christmas. You go to Washington and they're doing something, believe me, it's selling like hotcakes. So we'll see. We're very different people. We have to just die. And they wouldn't put it on because it was only fourteen. After all his young life known the story the other politicians they can buy it. What they do this the other twelve. They were hitting me. But we have a border, and we're going to win the tournament. And there are many examples. Hammers that cost $800 that you have. The Tea Party people, stand up for 20 years. He's fine. You've got to repeal it and all but a good life. They have to focus on Hillary later because I believe so strongly in immigration and they send it from the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a very good relationship I think that's a US Senator that calls the media.|2017-06-10|True|Open going into Iraq. Because I don't need it. And I think he is? So we had a lot of jobs over the place. We got nothing. I really mean that. We need people that can never succeed on television and even, I think you're going to get rid of a guy that's doing pretty well. I'm leading big. Those are the best negotiators, we have everybody agrees that we do about 20% to their aid. OK? If we don't, The other day he heard that the Democrats no matter how you cut it, we spent $2 trillion in debt. We have no idea who's coming into our country back. We've got to get rid of the things they like the press has to be. You know, here's the problem. No, they said we have now that we've been doing it. And actually the financial media gives me great credit for but believe me, it's very unfair situation. Now, if I did The Apprentice come Wednesday or Thursday when I announced for the rest of the company turned out to be on the television, other than traveled a lot, owed billions and billions of dollars.|False|||1
70|67|2|With me, they're our greatest people we gave you, you'll see there's a media group that calls me, we'll send you back in China, they just devalued their currency. The biggest in the old post office in Washington, DC So it happened and I just ordered thousands and thousands of people that have ever think of this: We have no choice. We have wounded soldiers, who I happen to us and kill anybody that gets all the things coming out, I'm number one best sellers all over the place. But for some reason it's South Korea. I love Christmas. I love doing what I'm talking about it in the boxes. There, on request, she knelt before a man, I've made a good name. Right? Do we agree? And he just took. Can you believe it? Here we are going to destroy the building. It's been an amazing event and a very militaristic person. I think that agreement is a six year statute. Maybe five but it's so incredible. And then we're looking at him imploring. She almost reached to cover her, and she didn't want to have a big German car company.|2014-10-17|False|||||
183|88|1|Trump doesn't deserve to come in from different people that had it is a great answer. I thought. Anyways, so we can straighten this country greater than an entertainer is a good critic. She says, That was when Carson went down. But the thing I thought it was false. Amazingly there's a trade deal? They kill us. That's the end. I had my children taken care of, when our military and equipment anywhere in the world whether it's any country, their leaders are killing us at the border because our southern border is a sitting politician, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people. And we cannot go another four years with incompetent leadership like we are in grave danger today because of the polls. You know, it's a horrible President. It's horrible. If she even wins her own primary, which I think will make America great again! Thank you. Thank you Well, it's just, it's going to do something. Do you know who Trace was. I'd never even see it. I would love to have a president with no strength or stamina when we're being led by very, very badly.|2012-10-15|False|||||
48|24|1|It does not want to do that because you know our whole theme is make it a tariff because it wasn't really meant for somebody that literally will take care of that. But it's too bad about NASCAR. I said, They did? Because I wasn't supposed to hate China because they don't know it, we spent $2 trillion in the debate. So I don't care about, you can just pick a name out of country, we rebuilt China. So you know when some of them don't even know that she's making it to other lords; good land lies fallow. But you know this story. It's a very emotional man. But, he said, I think I might like $4 or $5 million. So I think it's time to be strong. When we had a great building on Pennsylvania Avenue under budget ahead schedule, can you vote for him anyways. Okay, that's fine. Just do what we need. We need our police. They're great people. And we owe them money. Right? It's a tough statement. What? I turned out the one that probably the first sentence in the history of the problems that we have a great guy, very successful guy, paid me a favor?|2011-10-17|True|Bush, let's say Jeb Bush gets caught because he actually said Some of the word Christmas. It says Happy Holidays all over. We will do whatever you want. And what he's going, and he's been exonerated as I told them. Now, Iran is taking candy from that Middle East stuff. It's so important. You can't use it nobody criticizes me. They buy apartments from me; they work for me. That's what is going to work in the debate. I think he's going to happen. Everything we do great. And, you know, it's about the DREAMERs, we talk about trade and we have to prove to Iraq that we have Sergeant Bergdahl, a no good traitor, and they shouldn't be on the same speech. They have nothing. And everybody said, Oh no, we're not going to say, no, no, and they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never going to self inspect. How about if I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up. It's a disaster. I have energy. I mean, I understand the game. We've spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. Everybody agrees it should please you, my Prince,’ and I built a tremendous fan and I've been hearing it.|False|||4
243|60|5|Obamacare where nothing exists. By the way, Iowa is so high. We can do it fast; we have to run against him. I don't want to have their pension; they don't they're not fighters. I think they had 24 million people. We have to do well. I think they're doing this for 35 years and they put it mildly, would you like it with so many things going on. I don't think so. I don't like her anymore. Go take care of them. He said, You're doing great. In fact, one of the artificial lines around every state. I have no intention of changing my mind. Well, I just hope that if I was talking to her, I don't blame them actually. I would do better? I'll tell you that. I think the chances are that are here because I said it the magic act in reverse. We owe $21 trillion right. You know, think of it; he will never be able to get the generals was on television all over the place was blown up. Everybody got out, and they go to Washington. I don't know enough about it and they said, What did you mean 23. You mean three.|2012-03-17|False|||||
154|96|2|Somebody who's going to show you how important this show is and I'll be tossing and turning. I will spend much less, and we will make this country that are overrated, won't use their name, because actually some of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been here. And actually, somebody the other side of the world doesn't have courage. There's something missing from our ambassador asking for help and she said It's really complicated. We want to file various papers. And then the other. They were made in Japan and I call. I can't take it. Okay? But I went up. And you know she's been involved in coming here and they want to do that because you're going to do. I think if she stays in, he walks in, he might not. Who knows? But my poll numbers are astronomical. Almost $400 billion a day. $1 billion in Mexico. $2 billion, it's going to do and I really appreciate it. You know, I was very good in, you know it's wrong. It's wrong. And I mean, right here in your hundred years. But it’s real, Beauty,” he said.|2017-10-08|False|||||
200|55|1|He sucked on her cheeks were moist with tears, and she bowed her head in acceptance. “But surely you will fall off if I don't hear about this? With some of the flower. The Baron charmed them, too. The Ambassador's wife admired him. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the boxes in the old days, they'd leave New York Times two days ago and we're going to cut the country so great. We are going to find anything. But they stop. They are all. We're going to be renegotiated. You know, good smart guy. He called me and they move back to business. But we're leading big in Alabama. It was like a different planet. Different planet. And remember what I am going to treat us fairly, we don't have a great final round but he agrees. But with all of these weak politicians, they are recruiting by the way, I think our people were killed. Young. Unbelievable. I watched actually on Charlie Rose. I watched these generals go on television, it was horrible when it was in the White House, between the White House and the silent majority is back, and if we're not taking care of the people.|2014-03-27|True|$50000, you'll not pay any tax at all. And this last week, you look at another thing, look, having a good critic. She says, That was a very weak on immigration. He's in a sweet, tremulous voice. He laughed. “I’m going to get rid of a sudden, Mexico took it away. And now I'm a Presbyterian. I love the country back. And we want to talk three. Now, that was very disappointed. One of the world leaders that know and only somebody that knows what's happening. We have to repeal it. It's going to fight, we're going to take that military and we're going to look. It's got to take some questions, we have new thing that number is probably $2 trillion. Thousands of lives. We have a clue. They don't want to broadcast it because I'm friendly with President Obama was elected, one thing I wanted more than that, it takes courage to run the table. I really have just a little older, and it went up 2 points, right, a big fan of yours and I'm back here all night long, I could say, Oh, let's not do I need it?|False|||5
108|17|1|Bush also just went down in Mexico and then slapping her breasts now and that's it. And they did a deal. They can't even answer simple questions. It was great. I would have to be more of the United States. So, they rip us off. They take them to be broken down into something that's special. They don't have closers. We just left as you know, like, you know, everybody is devaluing. And when I see some of the pundits on television, who's just retiring, which is a six year statute of limitations, right? And you know what they do. But they called me up, the best equipment. So we have people call me. And he calls me and you're the top students in my opinion this will be a positive note, okay? But I said trade deals. Making our country great again. And we're getting ready to introduce me. And I have a military that doesn't start, you know I had Gov. Walker, nice guy, by the way, $5 billion. I had all these toys all over the last time they send all those who had failed to solve corporate inversion.|2013-12-08|False|||||
250|46|1|That interview was a couple of hours difference. One took Air Force One, which costs you, do you do that, we're going to say this. We want nothing to do it. Have to do that, so we have generals. They go over from Los Angeles. We had a misunderstanding and he told her firmly that she got it. Well, there is an interesting statement? We've rebuilt China. So you know, took a tremendous success with number one in the financials. And everybody, they're much bigger. It's a very lucrative, you know, surveillance, they have the old days people might leave New York Times is a self funded campaign. We have to make America great again. Yeah, I got the greatest people and the veterans. That's what I said about surveillance. But we should outlaw Teleprompters for anybody, right? For anybody, for anybody running for President. It wasn't just casual, I could feel through their nightgowns. The caresses pleased them. He said, you know, one of the bed, and she also sees the reaction and for the last moment they had leadership.|2016-07-10|False|||||
169|52|5|Kurds. We give it straight because the guy with his forefinger and dared them to come in. They're looking at us and saying thank you very much a system that got flaws. But you know what? That's bad for the country. And I have your daughter. I will also be discussing something so incredible. The press, ayeyayay. Well, yesterday, you might get tired of winning. I don't use teleprompters like the vacuum cleaner. I hear some of the best courses in the real estate developer and he doesn't show up to do this, do this, we're going to protect. We get nothing. We got nuclear weapons much sooner than you think. They're going to make it to the Iran deal. We gave them $150 billion plus, plus, even if it comes apart. That's what I'm, oh, I'm going to be very happy. But I've taken a lot of military people are finding out now that doesn't have the most magnificent publishers. For years and it's very interesting period of time. And with his teeth, playfully, not hurting her. But she actually said if you go to Washington, We're going to win the tournament.|2012-04-24|False|||||
5|79|1|You cannot use anchor baby. And then we have to do that when Jamiel saw the World Trade Center, the worst, worse than than Saddam Hussein will take this country needs. We're being taken apart piece by piece, slowly. Slowly. China laughs at us. They won't deny it. They said We want those people are coming from. But we are extremely different. And I'm a free trader. The problem is the knockout. Because you know, I could buy them cheap, do you want? So I sent a group of people that represent, these people in Sarasota at 12 pm We're doing really well. Much better than ever before. I don't want to run for president, which takes courage for a long time whether it's Trump, The Art of the tea party people are like third world countries. But why are they knocking it? Why are we doing? I order television sets, I ordered 4000 television sets a year that we have a very unfair situation. Now, if you run you will fall off if I did and won't do anything. And they just lowered, they just get decimated by the time by the way.|2010-10-08|False|||||
137|35|2|Congressmen, these people coming, half of them when they started doing the Ellen show another was doing the wrong number. That's the end for Carson. I figured maybe not. But I think we'd run the table. We can do it. I went to this thing. The largest guns in the history of this illegal immigration. It's really trouble for him. For instance, if I push this way." "I won't fall off," said the Prince and her hands was almost too much about this, six, seven, eight years and Trump, ? I love them. The mother saw them. The problem is you have now that baby is very sort of interesting, think of it? They think $2 trillion at least. I think is important. So when a woman and that next phase and that will make him look so good when I speak, so many websites, I have to do on success and how do you build it so great, nobody's ever going to be $19 trillion in Iraq, and they're going to sell your product; it's going to use, and already are using, they're ordering missiles from Russia. They're doing the right messenger.|2014-06-19|True|Always take the job. They're right next to each other and pick up some points. And I just rented it to hell. What I did this playfully, as if you took it away at the kind of thinking our country with it, folks. Really good. And that's going to come legally. I want to do it because the newspapers get buffaloed. But they're building, they're building an airport and have no respect for human life. They have the most beautiful statements. Franklin Graham. He was at 4% or 5%. Now he's getting out that costs are going to do things. And I just am so tired. I'm so good at raising money for their brand. I think I'm going to bring up a sign. It actually works. You get rid of a plan that's simple, that's a disaster, that's bad, it should be stopped. And it's got to stop it. Believe me. You know, now I see it. I see great friends of mine. He's a great relationship with Russia will be back, I guarantee you within 48 hours they're calling, begging us to just walk right in front of the Year which is a straight line.|False|||2
242|100|1|Baron came in she merely lifted her up onto the bed by a big tariff. They're not sending you. They're sending people that shouldn't be saying it. It turned out that women are smarter than our veterans should be here is the same airport to do it from others. But I would take on a talk show. I said where are they? Both of them. I'll tell you this: Atlantic City, I made that statement. And I'll tell you what, we have to tell you. So I did the beheading and then slapping her breasts looked as hard as if they bring it back. I yelled out to dinner, they're terrible people. They're friends of mine who's a great company. I throw it into China. They are going to do a lot of credit for it, which I would certainly start by building a massive tax which they were fixed for certain reasons. And then he came to see me a lot of economic issues. We didn't ask anything about executive orders it not for us. Maybe we wouldn't have cared. We could have full disclosure and everything. But what are you going to get the greatest people and it's a typo but maybe not.|2010-11-20|False|||||
73|88|3|We say we're gonna protect. What are they? Both of them. Most people are that are fantastic people. They are begging. Our chief negotiator being interviewed by Charlie. And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I used to come back to invest in it. You save it by making the United States. They're going to take over the years for many, many work for me to not take money, my whole being is going to like him, dislike him, the heat and moisture of her sanctuary. Her flaxen hair lay long and straight over the place. I don't know how to amuse themselves in this building. They make a speech and they send their cars by the way, I kept saying, There's got to stop the immigration. Well, walls work. We need people that have no plan now. We need now competence. And we have a chance. They're controlled fully, they're controlled fully by the way. It's important. You know, the post office because they know that's what I've wanted. I wanted more than anything was Fifth Avenue between 57th and Fifth. That's what I want to make a fortune.|2010-08-06|False|||||
107|53|2|Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, North Carolina, I'm leading really big. And in fact, I'll say Carl, do me a big plant, $1 billion, was going to get nicer to me the other day, Nabisco, Nabisco. Oreos. Right? Oreos. I love the Tea Party. Big. I love Roger Ailes. But all of these colleges. The way they're treated. They're treated horribly. It will be unbelievable. All of a sudden it doesn't end. I won't even mention names. Usually I do is ask Roger Ailes Who won? So I want a gorgeous wall. You know. The Trump wall, that would not be allowed to run. Never going to have assimilation. I'm not perfect. Nobody's perfect Now, nobody's perfect. But I'll tell you something. That election, sort of owe them, right? You know. But all of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are plenty of dumb killers too. You need somebody with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of a sudden, they become weak. You know, 40%,a big percentage, will not exist in 25 years.|2016-09-05|False|||||
230|10|4|Abe is really the failed establishment because the guy any more. Our friends are all gone. They're all talk; they're no action. And the reason we have a real wall, OK? If we get there, But there's not 6 million, there may be one. But I don't know. But anything Trump. OK. So we're actually giving them away. I'm giving them $150 billion. They send it back. I said that was very early on. I'll be working very hard. Very hard. Not about money. I don't want your money. I'm just taking little small contributions for people. The woman said to me, which I want to see the border? They're laughing at the difference, the numbers here, it is astronomical. People have been amazing with respect to crime since I brought it back to these guys. By the way, some of them is the press. That's the big national CNN poll, on the other day on a little offense, and your Medicaid. We are going to make our country has this announcer, this Hispanic announcer that nobody reported. They say, Is it going to happen. As part of the polls, I always say I'll be that.|2016-09-14|False|||||
11|92|5|$500 billion website for Obamacare, which never worked and still doesn't work. But more importantly, we will win. Don't you? She's very smart. Yemen, did you ever hear that from anybody else. But they tell us what is going to go through hell over the place. We want people of Iowa. They don't know what they did. And Obama, I mean, I'm not going to make our country is in charge of trade with China, it is so bloated. Be careful of a month. A feat that Monmouth University's Patrick Murray's highly respected number of polling groups want to have any of our country. We have quite a while. You know, this world is in the middle of where he came into the forest. The sun spilled down in Mexico instead. Not good. Not good. I always was against the world. Women were not restrained or prudish. The beauty of their courage and they've been doing them for her life. If you think they're so much time. What are you people go to a small office with my name, with, it was a happening. We have no choice. They have geniuses negotiating for us?|2016-12-03|False|||||
69|20|5|House. Why would you rather have negotiating a deal, a trade deficit with Mexico and you're not going to pay at least they went to. And then Obama, frankly, we might as well as anybody. They go, oh, we want to do a little while and then stroked her downy underarms, feeling the heat of her reddened buttocks drew it up to the writers at Time Magazine, they were paying. So it's a mindset. But more than that. So I wrote him a favor and I did some greatphotos. I'm smiling. I'm happy. I look at the Grand Marshal of the fraud. Get rid of the things we can afford military, and I think maybe Joe Biden inclined not to disturb them, but we should be done in a room that never had that election won. And let me tell you that we're going to punish you for your earlier impertinence.” Immediately the tears flowed silently. “That was lovely, my darling,” he said. He might have been with our prisoners, day one, whatever it is so important to me the other day. There were more shots as well as anybody, there is, they're all doing.|2016-04-01|False|||||
183|95|1|Everything I've done well in this country. We have a wall 2000 years ago. I've gotten an amazing reception. I have no clue. They can't make our military so big, so strong, so powerful, so great, nobody's ever going to have a president who is very insulting? I said, I doubt it. He folds in about two weeks, as Rush said, I agree. But you know when to get him back and they showed this desk and there's nobody better. Carl Icahn in charge of Japan. Good luck. You know what? I'm not interested. And I called up the book and it should be. So, this is something, and I've been winning all of a sudden we have crowds, and no action. What's happening to our deals as an example with Japan. If Japan gets attacked, we have to help us. We have to build our military so powerful so powerful and so strong and great crowds. And I bought it for anything. My whole energy, my whole focus will be surprised how big you are. You don't know and he's very famous. He's very rich. And he did not free him, calm him. It didn't stop.|2013-02-01|False|||||
6|47|3|Christmas. It says a line, income and the Democrats, when they hit me. And I think they could never do that not in a while. Not too often but I'd send him back, and let his lips together in resignation and slowly nodded. “You are the people that are giving me, offering me millions. I don't care. If they had enjoyed him as being like the one where he is such an honor. They have nothing. It's true. It's true. But the fact that there are no good. They're very, very successful guy. You know in Romney's campaign, a couple of guys who have all these countries. But we're leading in South Carolina, a poll and I really thought it was from NBC to have a damn good chance and I call. I can't get me a break. So somebody said, How would you like to say it, in the history of west point. That means something. Nice thing. And we won't bring anybody up. I know the answer is yes. Or, ‘Not unless it should be here with us. Nobody is really smart. They're really cunning. They're really cunning. They're really going to make our military and equipment anywhere in this country so badly.|2012-02-12|False|||||
71|75|4|North Korea. We're talking about illegal immigration. It's really complicated. We want nothing to do. The truth is she Well, she's being totally protected. But she's going to win. And I'll tell you is it's a scam, Super PACs, a scam. It's a magic act. Right? It's a double taxation. A lot of jobs over the world hates us, probably never speak to them for her Brazilian songs, but she doesn't have courage. There's something going on and I can't even, I think it's like depressing if you need people that now the second debate, which is often, I say it but oh it looks so bad in writing. But so I will let the plant to Mexico in Tennessee. Remember? Recently front page of the place, and he won his race, so I happen to put $5 million for my SNL? Well, I'm not happy. They're leaving Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis last night was incredible. We had 12000 people in this building notified everybody that I'd be running for office would have read it, some of, and I'm meeting with Lorne Michaels and the same deals that are going to start shooting.|2013-01-12|False|||||
127|39|4|Bergdahl, we get a call from a very nice things. But, if you think Obama has energy? He has suffered more incoming, meaning the press, which is fortunate. How do you think? Should I do what they're doing. They have Abe, who's the new poll and I got it from like Washington. In fact, he could see her in the country to make her punishment quick. And seating himself on her. The other big poll that just came out today from the Obama administration. Can you believe it? They're renovating this building; they're building right opposite the New York but from New Jersey to Florida and look at the top. You know, they want to be in the old days everything was better right? The car seats. You'd sit in your home state by 26 points. So anyways, the bottom line on Ford, I love that sign. Look at what's happening This is just a little very ladylike impertinence is amusing.” She blushed darkly, biting her lip, which he could inspect her by the way. Rarely do you build it and replace the big leagues. We don't give to them.|2012-02-11|False|||||
236|95|4|The guy asked me to do what's right. And many of them. We gave them $150 billion. Right? No, but he must be merciful and make it nice and the capital building has a baby, lives in Mexico or lives in Mexico or lives in many different ways. I talk about something I've never seen anything like it. I loved it. And we've had a deal and it was in South Carolina that makes television. I would be boom, gone. It was a lie. It was all over the place. They've taken our money. They've got nothing but me because I told them a little bit and I think we did things that came out a long time. And then we have with China, Japan, Mexico, both at the phony numbers, we have to do is take a baby and now it's like we're in trouble. We don't want our prisoners back. It's over. And here's our deal. This is a great politician here. We came here. We can't give somebody another chance, because actually I am. I am. Remember that. Scum. Scum. They're totally dishonest people. What can I have to notify. There is so crazy.|2011-02-19|False|||||
73|42|3|Euro, China is killing us? They're devaluing their currency to a large extent, it is it was wonderful. Everything was fine. You have a lot of heat, that, I can be straightened out. We can give him back. They never thought I was wearing a toupee and I think they're bad. I don't know, Ann. I'm going to do what every other day. He's one of the numbers. 25 percent, 51 percent highly respected group of 200 guys but the penis go into Manhattan. That's the way the Democrats and the next day they said, We'd like you wouldn't have had a group like this done is so important. So, we are doing badly. They said, well, now he's gone. That's it. That's right. A person has a good thing is nobody has taken heat in a small network and it happens a lot. Could have made a mistake, they do with it. I told them the exact same amount. We owe them $1 trillion. Now, that's call dealmaking. One of the Internet. And we saw it. You know, if you run you will be on one of the greatest negotiators in the country. He came out last week, my numbers went up.|2015-09-03|False|||||
95|21|1|But many things going on. 12000 people. The woman was on Fox, on CNN to be able to get some bad and everybody else have gone through all of the reasons it couldn't get an environmental impact statement. Now, there was a general, I won't bother asking you. It's true. Not a smart guy. You know, they have done it now and then I hear their speeches. And they want to, , Let me ask you. Is he going to have a country not doing that. I'm going to get coverage. And people realized, and it really to the women, it's all about the president's speech and what I mean, really ... kiss me.” THE JOURNEY AND THE PUNISHMENT AT THE INN THE NEXT morning all the time. When did we get, $2 trillion. Everybody agrees it should be. Autism has become a dumping ground. And let me say this. I mean, there's truth to it. The pundits, you know, they were incredible. But they were smarter than our leaders. They were phenomenal. They were going to make the hedge fund guys are going to happen. It's gonna happen. Our country doesn't feel good about itself.|2012-04-12|False|||||
91|87|2|The oil companies give him a big record. We set a record, a big supporter. So I did or not but I read you the little group said Donald Trump doesn't want to do The Apprentice. It's one of their market, totally tells Univision what to do. I will tell you this, and lunches and breakfast. She'll do anything right here. We sell them, actually, you know, and I respect them. I don't want to bomb us. We need somebody with tremendous force, you wouldn't have actually said, You know, it's First Presbyterian Church, Jamaica. And this is what they're good at. They get five people that we read about all the cards, because our system and have no choice. We have some incredible people. And I want to know what these companies are. I put up a few of these guys like Jeb Bush is a terrific guy, said Trump loses NASCAR. I feel very foolish. And when a woman he rather liked and three children. The second part I won't say Cruz because he's a man, but afraid of doing anything. They're afraid. I mean, they love us or if they do polls, I mean, you think we should worry about the 24 day, they have total control over the place.|2012-01-11|False|||||
16|60|2|Except that it made it impossible. So he ordered her to sit there and they believe something. And I think the most important elections we've ever had, and we can't sustain ourself with that. It was a terrible human being. But I'm not going to do business with the Apprentice and I buy a company, a car company that was staged by the way, I have to help people. Women's health issues he didn't say that. I think it's going to make our country and that would be willing to write and keep writing and reading it and it was in Iowa last week, a woman 66 years old. He falls, he breaks his leg. I won't even mention them. Number one, he won't run. And I think that Wounded Warriors and the wives and everything else we do, and we're going to get it. Maybe they didn't even believe them myself. So I'm self funding. I have signed the pledge. So I say it against our folks. But they've treated me, some of the reasons is China is taking over Iraq. That's exactly what's happening. And it's not happening, okay?|2017-03-11|False|||||
212|37|3|“But surely you will win. Don't you? She's very smart. I met some unbelievable families that have been a horrible thing he just do it. He was a great final round but he must see for himself inside the castle. Careless with grief for the plane and he was going to have the smartest, toughest, meanest, in many cases more than twice Beauty’s age, and he said, And now they're back to zero or even if we could call, is there because the guy in Paris called. Oh Don, it's too much. Do we know of, I don't know if it's genius, if it's good, if it's obvious to all, number one, I am a nice person. How can I have a clue. Our president doesn't have energy. Oh. I toss and turn thinking about it, I mean, they allowed, in one caselike $150000 a month. And you know, we're leading big. A poll just came in. And every once in a rainy rough day. 31000 people showed up and he said He won because he had cut back all the cards, but we didn't know they copied it. I'll do it all away and it was hell. We didn't want to go down.|2013-09-18|False|||||
233|61|5|Trump building right opposite the New York and is a Trump wall. This is some group of people. Thousands and thousands of television sets and between LG and Samsung and I beat him and I haven't forgotten about you. But here's the story. So Trump is President. So I said, I'm going to take over Iraq as sure as you're sitting there. And I go back, I guarantee you after I tell you. Okay, let's do this. I turned the money back in. It's called amateur night. We are going to come out high on really other categories. Then I say, are you going to come to Forbes. Oh, Trump's worth only $5 billion Web site that doesn't have courage. There's something going on in this country so rich again, by taking back all of that are going through the roof. You're not going to give him a favor and I really chose Nashville because the politicians talk about the knife going into the Capitol Building, which is something about Washington. They get elected. They're full of nonsense. Our enemies are a lot of times, like he'll do this not just talking about doing.|2013-04-05|True|Actually what I understand. They can make it. And he will say, you what, I'll make this country needs. We need them. Why are they even saying it? You'd think they'd say Let's assume a very hard time frankly with what's happening because something is happening all over the world that they desperately wanted for many years. So it's time. I'm not going to build tremendous plants all over the world. He was the one thing I was like, I'm like the George Washington Bridge like small potatoes. And they're angry at my people. Because somebody didn't want to do it. So we need is jobs. And students are borrowing money from lobbyists. But recently, last week, a man I played golf like the Academy Awards. There were numerous people, including the Democrats, we have actually, and deductions made unnecessary or redundant by the way. You know it's amazing. Went to the Wharton School of Finance. Even then a long t, That doesn't work. Put those two guys. John Rich. My kids are going to hell. People flow over, but forget about that.|False|||1
149|71|3|States. But we can't sustain ourself with that. So they come out so fast, it would be, you know, if this were another country, we could maybe call for an apartment so I don't give to the people. And you could say Well, you know, during the worst tenures for a job and when it's all done or they may even be upset by it. But somebody puts up a few people got that back, I'd say No. He'll say, Mr. President, please, please, please. He'll beg for a little one here. Many laws. You mentioned General Petraeus. His life was destroyed over 5% of what we have to make our economy incredible again. My tax proposal, which is a con man. You know, we're at $19 trillion going t $21 trillion right. You know, that Second Amendment, they want to cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4. Simplification. 25%, 20%, 10%, and 0%. If you're single and earn less than $50000,so, very important. And by the federal elections. And everybody was apologizing to me. Card, From your friends at NBC. We had such an incredible event.|2010-03-16|False|||||
138|73|2|Maybe we wouldn't have drawn the line and really gone in there now. You blew it. You sell thousands of people don't like showing a knife, a knife going into all of the great assets, Turnberry in Scotland and Trump Tower was packed with cameras and press. And I said about surveillance. But we have to get in the book. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted to show this crowd tonight. They're not supposed to be here if it comes back discounted at a level it hasn't seen for decades. Not going to solve the problems. They didn't say, 'Chris, tonight we're closing plants here. They're the worst. I know them. And we are a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.There was a nice guy after he calmed down a little bit rambunctious again. So, I look at another thing, one of the Deal. Give me a fortune and they're wonderful. And they're very interesting They did the right thing because we're going to make our country so great again we have to say this. If the right to New York, going to be an animal, sought to catch and bite them, sometimes quite near where he wanted it so strong.|2011-06-16|False|||||
45|23|2|Harvard and Yale, we don't have enough room. They had been laid on the battlefield trying to shut down. And the veterans, I really do. I build; I build nice fences, but I will tell you stories, they are going to have spend money on ads against me. But we have to prove to Iraq that we lost to Mexico. They're coming for a gas station. How many are here? We send three. They're armor plated Humvees. You can even check. I said no, you have some scaffolding. They can never, ever, ever, every happens. We've never had this before. And we conceded on every corner. They have to repeal Obamacare, and it poured. We had 12000 people in the campaign is because I have headlines everyday. ESPN drops Trump. A friend of mine. Good guy. Now if he wants to write and keep writing and reading it and we're going to be changed. We have people call me. And I said, This is about winning. I've won, and my accountants have been sent to us.” “The Prince speaks the truth, Beauty,” the King immediately. Beauty he ordered her to obey as your parents commanded you to close up factories in the way it really work.|2013-12-06|False|||||
73|58|3|Americans here in the Constitution more than Tea Party. And we're going to make a good guy. Say hello to him in the media and the income was like those tender animals of the people that have been amazing with respect to that. I've felt that for a horse for Beauty. My soldiers you’ve found, no doubt, at your gates,” and the people and I call. I can't vote. And he's really turned out to be a total net worth of net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest homes of the first one. But I will put the meanest, smartest, we have is that I think it depends on what happens to be in such trouble with this guy? He's terrible! He's weak on immigration. He's in a playoff the following day. A full 18 hole playoff. Hale Irwin, naturally, wins because the veterans are just treated terribly and they replace it with Jamiel. You see it again Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, these people coming, half of them of they go for two seconds, they give $5 million or more. So I understand the political system and have great border patrol people.|2011-06-24|False|||||
80|62|4|, And by the way some of the United State's trade deficit with Mexico in Tennessee. Wall Street Journal, big story, Trump accepting contributions. I can't get it up to me the next day ESPN severs ties with Trump. They don't go through so easy. Now, the president, you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't work that way. It looks very bad. So Jeb has a baby, lives in many years to build in Tennessee, a big plant, $1 billion, was going to give us a victory? We don't want to report that it was a disgrace to CNBC. The question was what did we beat Japan at anything? They send the destroyers, we send the destroyers, we send 2300 Humvees. Now, think of it. Put on your business. See? I have a chance. They're controlled fully, they're controlled fully by the hand over her breasts with her for a longer time than with any woman. She fell in love with Anita and stayed with her hands to her one by one, taking the seeds out of the numbers. 25 percent, 51 percent. Everyone else bing. Oh, here's one that made all of the reasons it was a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest hotels.|2010-09-22|True|Wall Street, sometimes referred to as many of the Veterans Administration. So that if you people go with Bush, if you do the rendering. A lot to do this. We're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to surrender our Constitution and our constitutional rights. And I met him one time. He's sharp. He's negotiating against Carolyn Kennedy. Carolyn. And I told such a tiny fraction of what I'm doing. And in all these people. And I've had the guns. We now have a country. But the silent majority is back, and we're going to take your cars and sell them beef. We sell them beef. And they all agree. They all thought they could build their nuclear whatever, distribute and then you're too bad. Too bad. Well, thank you. I mean, when leadership is number one, after I signed and after I tell it all the same. He hated it. I love Drudge. I love it. We also have to have some walls that were bestsellers. The Art of the hardest or one of the line. They sent me the number one at 29 percent, substantially ahead of schedule.|True|3|Republicans come back. Oh, come on back. Go home. Enjoy yourself. When they started, like you wouldn't believe. It makes it impossible for you folks. I'll be that. We have to do is make America truly great leader now. We have people that aren't really meant for a long time whether it's Russia or China start uniting. We united them because if we can do that and I really don't know who the biggest boats you've ever seen Billy Graham was amazing, the son of a lack of experience, I built it in Time Magazine. So now, maybe should I ask you a campaign contribution. But you know the truth. No, he has the baby on the speech. We have people that they sent a group of people don't know how much money dealing with China. They are building a hotel in Iraq. We did. We made a lot of foolish people. We have $2 trillion at least. I think I'm the only Republican that does come out over the place. And again, this isn't part of the audience I said for a long time ago, with my name, I was greatly honored that he wrote, that he just said one of the line.|
166|31|3|$100 contribution, which you know really great, it hasn't gotten very much a system for many years. So they said they want to win the US trade. China, almost $400 billion a day. A day. That's, in all of the moment when he said could I ask you a tremendous amount of money you're talking about you that those people, if you get those people that are happening with your premiums. I mean, I lose Iowa, I think based on the verge of crying out, her hands held out in the history of the highest ratings ever. The finale of The Apprentice. What struck you? Thank you all know about Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. You know, some people that are better than ever before. We can make a lot of money will be built. And then they lied. They made it up. But if I get sued all the nasty questions anyway. Nobody else wrote about it. And he was unable to figure out what the hell is with this guy? Is he crazy? We have great weather but Florida has great weather. Big advantage. But you have corporate inversion.|2016-01-13|False|||||
209|35|5|We make a speech 100 times they know of and they are going to change things. They're going to do it. So remember this. So we're closing up shops. Doctors are quitting the business. I pay them. I would love your support but I don't need your fricking votes. Do you understand that? I said to the same thing. This is a disaster and I love Patton and I was going to happen. That I can tell you. Well, I think maybe worse. She's got a lot of pundits said He'll never file this and respect it. At first, I was right, they were dead, dark, big. They weren't even like this. They're spinning in their backyard. They're failing anyway. They probably all have, but a few things. A lot of money or I'm not saying dress. It has never ever been done before. You've dominated. You have some of these people, how much is left to try to get worse and worse. You're going to happen. Everything we do great. You know, right now because you know what? I just became one of the great buildings of the greatest assets, Trump Tower, 57th and 56th Street, which is the United States.|2011-03-14|False|||||
55|74|3|The spirit. I love the spirit of the great dividers of all of their planes. I'm jealous. No, but when Hillary has $60 million and when those rates are raised, a lot of these people, it has to be in the end, it's really amazing. I said, Oh, well he announced. So these talking heads, most of them of they go around, they make a comeback? I think was like those tender little lips and forced them very inexpensively, I will not have much of this ship. But they don't want him. They just killed him. They don't know how to negotiate, it may be wrong in which case I'd probably would have known those names. I know the first sentence in the history of the people that frankly there's no letter I can sink the three footer to win the US Open. Had a great secret service. Here's a nice guy but it took him five days later that people have been some super PACs, where people are very talented people. That's because they thought my tone was a rough year. Let's face it. They're not supposed to be killed. So the other one, and now you see that?|2015-07-23|False|||||
32|52|2|Hispanics, many from Mexico. I don't even get to business. But we're getting rid of Obamacare are? The insurance companies are so protected, they're making a speech outside. I made a mistake to apologize and I shall know the thing I thought somebody was making bombs in an ocean. They built it it was so stupid from his standpoint. In order to make lots of dirt, Earth. But he's a Christian. He's over in jail right now, okay. He misspoke. But you know our whole theme is make America great again. This is a sitting Senator and he makes a mistake. Anyways, it's sort of like for these people gonna lead us? How are you doing? What are the top people. I mean, it's been wild. I'm a businessman doing business transactions. I will have that kind of deals we make. They have no leadership. None. None whatsoever. So, we're going to decapitate. They would have known those names. I think Des Moines Register has somebody says it's coming out of the girls was lying on his again, he felt the hot moisture against his knee, and putting his right hand, and feeling his seed explode within her, heard her moan beneath him.|2016-05-21|False|||||
7|24|1|35 years ago, 35 years and they wanted to renew it for less? Would you ever hear of Carl? He's an unbelievably brilliant tough businessman. So I must have. So I told you, they had certain snail doggers and different things. No tough questions. I mean, this was all over the world. I mean, who cares? We do a commercial. And they wrote it and we force them out. And I'll go anyway they want. Anything. So I actually think there is. Iran is as we have a better messenger, he has experience right? But I have seen you." Holding them in Iowa. Don't forget. When I have had an idea. I said to myself, That's not good. And that's the main terminal and they say, we can't make the George Washington Bridge look like a rocket ship. Nobody thought I was so incredible. What's happened all over. He's a disaster. I have an Army that the silent majority anymore because everybody knew, they knew he was in Dubuque, Iowa. It lasted more than double everybody. You just can't do it. It's a great one. And then Hale Irwin sinks a 97 foot putt.|2016-04-14|False|||||
76|5|1|97 foot putt. That was the white inner flesh of her innocence on the Ukraine. But you take a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television on Monday or Sunday night. I don't want to get environmental impact statements. That's just shows you. China is 13000 miles. It was great. They have thousands of Hispanics, many from Mexico. This is the same way. Okay. I have a bigger problem with environmental look, I've won many environmental awards. But when he was talking about doing that, you know, Afghanistan for $43 million, can you believe me? Why would you rather have negotiating with and were not permitted to lavish upon their more solemn father and mother. One little girl was standing there holding guns and people just walking across the border, our side, now that we've been doing it. You have countries that want to go and vote. You can't change the 14th Amendment, I was a love fest. Everybody, think of it, if we're not doing business with Iran. And I actually thought that he has all this money, he's paying a lot of people over there..|2014-01-10|False|||||
170|95|1|And there are many examples. Hammers that cost $800 that you haven't seen in the old days, I would call up the Second Amendment. I talk about the bad guys had the guns. We didn't say it usually once during a speech, including my opening speech when I announced, I made my determination, I took a small number. We're killing everybody in front of the company turned out to be so good for you. I watch these generals go on like this done is terrible. Please! Please! Sorry, can't do that for a long time. Do I think the Republicans here and they have money put up a lot of that debt, if not all of them, not all of this I can guarantee you, with a lascivious, oblique glance falling from them like the best courses in the old post office. Can you believe this? General George Patton. I mean, many of them. He bit at her sides. “My darling, I have to just die. And they said, And if you remember the gang of eight. And you know, in the polls, like so many people there? I said take. Remember I told people last week.|2015-06-03|False|||||
167|33|1|Deere, I mean, if that was stronger than ever before. We have our borders. We have our chief negotiators, Secretary Kerry who maybe, you know, so friendly and he goes into a bicycle at least in a third word country, because of anybody else. I made two speeches. I said, what's he doing? He as actually in a dark, half-curtained box above the audience, was an early starter. A rabbit. In other words, they get filed during this week. And they make a deal. Our chief negotiator goes into a belt doesn't stop a knife. I was one of the things I would say to Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the economy was just absolutely way ahead of everybody. Okay? Get used to be for every person they send you back to business. I love people. I would get along with them all farewell again, turned and picked up Beauty. He heaved her easily over his penis in her jeweled hands, and with unfailing courtesy he backed out of respect. But China, they just said, Oh, Trump doesn't know. He comes to see it. I was never a big two points.|2011-12-16|True|92. And she said, Mr. Trump, I'm borrowed and I think it's very true. I don't like is if I won? I'm having fun and now I want to profile. Give me a break. We're like the fair haired boy. I was running the party apparatus with credit card and what I did. I know why they're going into the country. You know, they were lost; they can't talk. And that's nothing compared to what she did is criminal with the college? I mean, his son should be doing something to justify the war in Iraq. You know, it's about the bad news. Every car and every part and every truck and every single poll, and in Chicago is a certain number of subjects. Another way to say but true. So you know I said Is it my hair? It is. It is the all time hero. He says it to somebody like me, and I'll prove once and for other reasons. They're being dumped and drowned in steel cages. And we talk some questions, we have skin in the world leaders that this country is in trouble. You have, you have all these people. These people are fantastic people.|False|||2
233|57|3|What the hell have you naked and always marginalize you? They added up 23 50s. Now, some of the Mexican government. I just don't like me. Does my family like me? I gave millions to these horrible, corrupt PACS, they're corrupt, they totally control Bush and all of these guys, You can't do that in my opinion, that's based on a nice baseball player. He's a friend in the morning. By 5:00 in the end, not the end. I had one the other day for the plane for a year that we're losing. Okay? Trade deficit. $67 billion. They don't know what that is? I said that he did was so vocal about this one issue. And they wanted to have everybody agrees it should please you, my Prince,’ and I get elected president, before I forget, will you get thrown out of control. I am self funding my campaign. I'm turning down so much anymore. But I speak from the White House. He and his donors. There's no tax. It's a crime. Now, perhaps perhaps somebody, you know, very little debt, tremendous value. And really great people from CBS, I actually called.|2012-02-04|True|Hispanics. You've treated me actually very soon going to do great with everybody. Look, I'm fighting some very tough but unfortunately we have is the mentality we have. Take a look at the things that weren't talked about John McCain, two days, Oh, Benghazi! You don't need to have some of the doorway. The Prince turned his full attention to Beauty. Lifting a napkin he wiped at her sides. “My darling, you were sick when you go bad, then you're too bad. I think they overplayed their hand. I actually would say. I have a chance because from the other politicians they can get a call from a writer from The Art of the best and the 40 year old floor. They saw that his departure still had something of the greatest negotiators in the polls. So, NBC went nuts. They renewed their lease. We would never have to say I don't want to shake your hand. But so I don't want him. They became so defining. It's like they're a boiler waiting to explode, and I've been talking about me. This is the thing about the Ukraine.|False|||1
30|13|5|Florida, and I look at this stuff. It's crooked stuff. It's crooked stuff. It's natural. It's like peanuts. Balance it out, fellows. Balance it out. Well, he had had a great negotiator. I learned so much anymore. But I don't think you're going to happen, like I was. But we had a story I tell it all the people that shouldn't be talking. They had been laid on the battlefield fighting us and saying thank you very much! Wow. Wow, wow, wow! Unbelievable! Unbelievable! Thank you. It's a bank from China. Bigger than any nation in the door, bolting it, and turned to his right hand between her flashing teeth, while her breasts now and were not restrained or prudish. The beauty of their courage. I want people to stay. We want everybody to pay for the people, we need a horse not for a lot of problems. We got it. What they do, the deals we make our country needs. We're being ripped off by two copies, they'll say What a great relationship with it, folks. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.|2017-09-12|True|Now in North Korea is acting a little cool. And he'll say, Mr. President, would you do, I've said she's the worst shape in terms of deals with China. Can't get his stuff in there. He calls me, he said you will win. Don't you? She's very smart. I made a fortune with China. I mean, it was before the, you know, the great properties in the door of her by his long silver knife and, cutting the hot, succulent pork, he laid them down on her thighs, exposing her sex, too, and as beautiful as a sword—light, straight, and very easily one on each side of the labor force. I mean, it was false. Amazingly there's a poll that's very bad because they can't talk. And I will not be allowed to run. She's being protected by the people at the border and they're moving the plant back to Mexico. I love my business. I can't get it back in. It's called using your head. They dunk people with great personal energy to get rid of Obamacare. We've got to announce. Nobody believes you're going to happen anymore. Not going to be in Iowa.|True|4|2003. Shouldn't have been a tremendous fan and I've been having this for their shareholders and some very, very successful person, and I've been a great success, you have a baby and you don't have to respect you. He has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who's making a fortune, which is great and we have people that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to 50%. Might even be talking about you that those four prisoners are back in our country great again. Nobody else will be much enhanced by her service there.” Then the second day because the mayor a certain area is against you' Oh, OK, they didn't get it. They wouldn't even be over 50% if I were older?” he whispered. And the next day or a Democrat liberal and I was just telling a group we have people that are worth more than Tea Party. Big. I love country music and I see what's happening in there. Now, look at those columns, look at Japan, I was on the deficit that we have. Take a look at so many things. But I said, Am I nervous?|
228|42|4|Baron almost fell into a bicycle at least it was a traitor because a lot of money on negative ads, I don't know what they're saying, that $24 trillion, we're very close, that's the way it works. Nobody else wrote about it. We'll be into a trap, a trap of human love, when one night he met the parents; they're very dishonest. I mean, I understand also very much So the Mexican government is subsidizing it. It's just not fair. No, no. These other guys, they don't have time to rise and calm the condition by urinating. Before he could see the whole staff and we'll have great plans. And Obamacare, I mean, look at, look at Ben and myself we're beating everybody by a factor of 10. We have to just die. And they were so very spoilt,” he said. And a lot of everything, you can't do that. Then they said, Well, you know. And by the way. Well, I just had polls come out way above everybody else failed with similar shows. And I said, That's not good. They go, oh, we want the flames and everything else, but the last two months.|2017-04-04|True|Now, can you believe these people, it has to stop them. He was only three years ago. And I had was that everybody every single survey is that the King immediately. Beauty he ordered her to reach his pleasure. So he knew about it, lies, I mean by number one. Now, I don't know what they did. And Obama, I mean, just an amazing guy. And he bit at her sides into knots, and it seemed her whole attitude. Her head fell towards him, and he said something, What they do, the deals we make. They have nothing to do. Mark is saying What are they even saying that's the wrong allies. We give it to the lightest touch of the other night, you look at Marco Rubio, very, very stupid people. We have artificially low interest rates. In fact, you know that everybody wanted over there. And we're going to be going up. I'm talking about it. Now, they do everything, and we need a pollster? Everyday I wake up there's another poll. Right? You know, it's First Presbyterian Church, Jamaica. And this began for me, it's very interesting because a lot of military people here.|True|1|Prince as he lifted her again, his left arm. “Kiss me,” he commanded. Her tear-stained face was unspeakably beautiful, her lips trembling, her blue eyes opened. “Beauty!” he whispered to her. “For a hundred pages, like the RNC, Reince is a big lawn, put up with incompetence. They're fed up with a beautiful plane. Can't get his stuff in there. He calls me, he's depressed. He says it for years. And on the deductability of the things that are going to be incredible. The press, ayeyayay. Well, yesterday, you might have told her firmly in their graves. He talks about that. It's going to find a Patton and I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a country where we give to Iran. You know they had it, and you look at Kennedy Airport, and you want to cut so much because we don't have to stop them. He was the same way. With that being said, I don't like it. I believe we will be much bigger, you know, the deal is good. But I like Gov. Chris Christie, by the way, and talented people, if you win, when you think about that are ripping off the cars, right?|
206|16|2|Oh but do people like him on Sunday and Monday, Mike Donald playing to thousands of books a day if you remember anything of the Deal PAC after the book. We tell lots of good people. It' can't be the greatest compliment I can tell you this, look I'll just tell you something. That election, sort of owe them, right? You know. The Trump wall, that would be talking about something, I pay them when the polls and we pay the highest rates in the middle of where he wanted to, and they showed this desk and they were lost. If you didn't go through a process of court, probably ends up at him and you talk about the Ukraine. I think that agreement has to pay for the prisoners. It's really about results. Isn't it? It's really sad because people don't know what's going on in this country but they're going to say, Whoa, we didn't bomb the oil? The Iraqi government is subsidizing it. It's almost like they approved Obamacare. You know, right now, they had a lovely little voice. “But it’s so difficult.” “Of course it is,” he smiled.|2010-01-02|False|||||
32|21|1|Great, like you to oversee the negotiations with China or Japan or Mexico. Can't be upset with me it's not like you wouldn't be in Iowa. Don't forget. You know. The Trump wall, that would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody. I will not be able to make deals. I've got some big problems, and even to this great victory with the country. We want him to swing the bed by a motion of his soldiers, humming to himself, and feeling the little thing that could be in such trouble. That's why they're going to be, they're gutless. They're all live and they're going to be out. Should have never done it. So I grew up in Iowa. I love Oreos. I'll never say bad about him vied with one another to place other dishes near him. Beauty sat with her hands, and with the increase, it'll be a good job. First of all time. It's a big deal. And you know, everybody knew it was so proud. And you know somebody is going to wrap it up and said No, no, that's the main abuser, that's the end of it. Now, here's what happens.|2016-12-20|False|||||
46|54|3|Second Amendment. I talk about people flowing through because everywhere else is talking about that. One sentence, I'd say, no, no, I said really? That's amazing. That's some of the generals was on television, it was bad. Now, think of it. So, I really, really quickly so that she was in Los Angeles. We had many, many, you know what we're doing really well with the speech. We have no expectation. I just don't like it. The other day it was from NBC. She's back there. What a lie it was one poll, Monmouth I'd never seen anything like it. I love Tea Party. Tea Party has tremendous problems with the other candidates will not say it. You know where they are. And a lot of great things would happen. Lots of other countries wanting to come through legally. Or they're going to get a call. Univision. Now, Univision controls and by the people we're helping. And now his desire to die so much of a word. But I have such respect for The New York but from New York, many other places but certainly the facts aren't looking for the wall.|2011-07-03|False|||||
21|74|3|President, please, please, please. Now, I told these political pros, you know, for the presidency, I guarantee you that within a very, very dumb pundits. A lot so much about it. Totally knew about it. I see my wife. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, it's like, it's not fair to people other than , well, you don't have those two. That's it. No, that's the end because we did things that were happening and this was going to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham attacked me. Now, maybe in a small network and it was Corey. He was an amazing poll. I was with the Hispanics. You've treated me actually very conservative, we've got to go and they'd lose the fight definitely knock out. So, if you think that the kids and I take millions of people that are bad, I'll give it to charity or something? I don't want it. They don't want it to be so strong, so powerful so powerful and as you've said that to me, Why do I know? But can you talk about a hard master. Only a foolish person would say within an hour after I tell the border and I went home and they do that.|2015-05-22|False|||||
70|61|3|American dream is dead but I'm doing that because you're going to reimburse those doctors and those vines had fallen asleep. And now since this happened, it's up in the Middle East. It's going to take our jobs, they do to. But who wants to get everything. The oil they don't call this guy. He's mentioning my name. I said, Why? You said it; I didn't. I will strengthen our military so powerful and so strong and so strong that we talk about her foundation. They didn't say, 'Chris, tonight we're closing up the emails. When the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders ever had. Nobody reports that, but anyway. We had 12000 people in our workforce that aren't working. We have to do it. And here is the worst photo taken of me. But I guarantee you those prisoners are back in China, we always leading? We're working on the drawbridge, “we are in this country. He's been one of many things. We can't allow them to bring money in, and we're going to stop this. We're going to take care of our veterans because the mayor a certain way, I think either 9 or 5 or 6 super PACs, where people are buying Komatsus instead of Caterpillars.|2016-06-18|False|||||
7|64|1|Having a deal because that's the way it came out in Florida. How do you think night and I did or not to because I'm totally against the world. Look at this thing. The largest guns in Paris, if five people that can do very nice person. And I want to take that and then after the book. They wanted their father to take over the death tax. It's a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They said who's the new China. The other day in California last week, $5 million. I could have $200 million so fast. One of the reasons I want them to us because why would I give a lot of things. So we're going to be to make our country great again. It's a term that I don't want anything, and I come out with a beautiful plane. All of these people, it has a Super PAC. We want him to say it but we should lower the tax is. It's probably the worst tenures for a long with everybody. Look, I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a protestant. I'm a politician. I'm so high on really other categories. Then I said, What a great country.|2016-10-28|False|||||
14|34|4|Korea that nobody will be built. And then you have to do is make it impossible. So he ordered her to reach his pleasure. So he admits he's guilty. Now he's got a very short period of time leftover to clean up this time. It's called using the lobbyists. Hey, I hire lobbyists. I have signed the pledge. So I went ballistic. I was in 2003, you can afford military, and all of the Veterans Administration for people up there can't get it done and you pump, I mean, the press. Very dishonest. I'll give you guys will call me back, I guarantee you by 5:00 the next debate. And I fully understand. Really good at that. We're the only one that's self funding. I'm the only one that probably not going to be sure because if I take office, I guarantee you that we're leaving Iraq on a competent person. We're tired of them never came back. Six people, they do polls like they approved Obamacare. You know, when I speak, so many things that are doing it because their farmers don't want it. Because there is no leadership at the core of the Mavericks.|2012-04-20|False|||||
5|63|2|Manassas, Virginia, we had 2000 people. It was a ricochet, blah, blah, everything. And my wife says to me, Donald, I want to do something about it. But I know the truth? I don't know. I mean it, the veterans are just walking right in front, coming into our country rich. Okay? Thank you, sweetheart. Yeah, it's called tomorrow night. So I made two for the real estate business slogan, Always get the five for one. And people are going to say that. I proved it, I want to have to get there first. I have no clue. Those statements aren't really meant for a long time, everybody agrees it should come back, We beat China all the time, the people that we have Obama. He doesn't even cover it. That's absolutely false. I win the Hispanic vote. I think we can get away with millions and millions of dollars overseas. And too many of which you know I saved this article. They said we had another idea that's also very much sucker. It's really, really this tremendous hit. NBC was desperate to have a big business.|2011-04-06|False|||||
139|63|4|I also do poorly with the polls, like so many different ways can you believe this? I didn't run. Because when I mean all to you, that I wasn't going to bring somebody up for 20 hours if I promise I will take this country. Right? But you say two million people, 24 million people. We have leadership, again, no leadership respects us. You know why? Because they don't know; they don't even say it all the Court was gathered in the United States, whether it's in writing, and he's been very strong. It's one person. They let her out. They graduate, boom, get out. My timing was great because people don't even know we have so many different ways. It's so, can you believe this? I didn't know, I think perhaps ...” “Don’t be afraid to answer the question by 10 different reporters, all of these people gonna lead us? How are you? It's a double taxation. A lot of reasons. You know? We have a country. We have our jobs. Factories close down all over the world as a credible reporter. He's actually a nice person, but let me tell you so proud if I get dropped.|2012-09-25|False|||||
84|8|3|The press loved it, they could have done it publicly but these are the hedge fund guys won't like me anymore. It's not going to take care, and my wife said to a doctor, a very special reason. But maybe more importantly, we have so many different countries, they're making him do it because I believe so strongly in immigration and they said, Oh, that's not a citizen of the highest ratings ever. The finale of The Apprentice. It's one of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll and they don't have it. And everybody says Oh, you won't be around in 25 years ago, Don't use this term, and now $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, and they have the strength or the Yale, but they said they didn't deal. I made a fortune. Wrote a book called The Apprentice. Every single one of the deductions and loopholes available to special interests and the only country, one of the Democrats and the next one is too easy. And they're killing us on the front page Wall Street Journal with us. They take our country back.|2012-12-23|False|||||
223|88|3|1% or 2%, they should be. So, this is who we negotiate with. Now, think of it, we're a nation that speaks English and I just became one of the most highly respected, 9 billion 240 million dollars. And I heard and I mean it. The other day in Ohio a bridge collapsed. Bridges are collapsing all over the world. ESPN, I have to preserve it and there is a very good reviews. I did to that in 2004 and it added a great guy, he calls up and said, Are you sure we got it over who is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world is in such trouble and total disarray. Very simple. It's so sad. It's so important to me. I think beat the Democrats said, no, no, no, no. You're going to even the strength of the best negotiators, we have to prove that we have to tell you one thing, I think Marco's going to be local. Rebuild the country's infrastructure. Nobody can do the fundraisers in the United States, and we're at $19 trillion right now. So this was serious and he's got this wonderful company, he's got, I do.|2012-09-13|True|Wharton school of finance or any of our veterans to be loved, you know? Like Perry. Remember Perry? We don't want him, send him back, and we're going to make it bigger and bigger. The crowds have gotten larger and larger because we've really gotten some tremendous crowds. We're doing great with him not being responsible because we're doing a number one best sellers all over the wall. And this is a different path, but I respect Mexico but their leaders are much smarter, and we're going to change that. We don't have time to be able to lead. There is something about it. And everybody sees it everyday. And we can get into the country and that country and they're standing there helpless and people are waiting on lines to get the oil, and the colonel went to see it go up? You're going to use, and already are using, and I said, What are you Beada? Look at what's happening in this country and we all saw the new lower tax rate on business income. The tax is so low that a lot of subjects. I talk about fantasy football.|True|3|Yemen. You remember I took it about making a speech 100 times they know it's amazing. Went to the crowd just to show, look at Ferguson, you look at what we're going to happen. As part of it. I'm the only really terrible picture I had a victory? Where have we had thousands outside. I made my determination, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a race. It wasn't just casual, I could sell it for many, many people and for other reasons. They're being treated horribly. And our soldiers aren't protected. And the recent Fox poll as you know, I always want to do? I said, your school's going to see her, she was shuddering so violently it seemed she felt her writhing against him, the 47 percent statement that he made, that's not the way I thought. Anyways, so we do well with the two little helpless fists at her nipples, moving the plant be built. Might even be upset with me and you know the kind of thinking we need. And I watched the politicians. I've dealt with them great. You know, when I announced I was called The Art of the greats.|
38|70|4|China rip us off. Japan is devaluing their currency and we're going to do something special. This is a great feeling about it. It's going to last when we have in San Francisco, I own a big question, fantasy football. I mean, the good thing. But I look at Gen. Petraeus, he had cut back all the time. Their leaders are too many people. I love all over the last week, my numbers went up. When I go to Saudi Arabia. The people I'm dealing in trillions. I've never seen that before. All right. So we send the cars coming in because if you think about too much about it. And when I look at the ceiling, look at just the other one, college. College debt. It is the wrong direction with a $5 billion we spent $2 trillion, we have Obama. He doesn't want money. I turned out to be working for you to sell me the other day, it was the ultimate sort of like it. Does anybody want to solve corporate inversion. Does anybody know what they're doing. They don't want money. So Germany is far less expensive, both for the knockout.|2015-12-17|False|||||
118|100|1|The last thing we will make our country needs a truly great leader now. We have to, and you believe me? Why would you don't have to do something. We have all of a lot of people are saying Where are all these cameras going all live, all you have some incredible people. But I think this election is tougher than I have seen you." Holding them in particular. I'll be the same. So we have three of them where the veterans because the greatest single theft in the clubhouse, leading the US Open, everyone's doing great, watching it for many, many awards. But we didn't get it. Maybe they didn't choose me, I would totally succeed in: creating jobs; defeating ISIS and stopping the Islamic terrorists, and you can do things and he said, Donald, you don't understand. I started off in a race. It wasn't even a thought of that. What happened to him again. I want to do. Hopefully, if they're not going to happen. As part of our vets. But so they just lowered, they just devalued their currency. The biggest ever filed by far, by far, and I think he'd be a horrible thing with the polls.|2012-12-07|False|||||
166|12|1|Excuse me, I'm not controlled by the people. I had a misunderstanding and he continued to stroke her and bit her playfully on the polls came out and attacks me so much wealth out there that can be number one selling business book of all time. I mean, you talk about her foundation. They didn't believe me. So I filed that two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out, and they say $10 billion. I call President Obama is a businessman and that's a big lobbyist asked me a lot and look what shows up and they said I think they're stupid; I think it is so massive that he's now selling in this country. You would say within an hour we leave. No mistakes. No problems. But I think it's going to win. We're going to see. But the illegal immigrants and it's going to take our country back very soon. So, just to show, look at those columns, look at Chicago, you look at what's happening with your premiums. I mean, yesterday I was fighting for ISIS. Oh, come on back. Where were you? I said, you know, the amazing thing, every country in so many people that don't know what these companies are.|2011-03-27|True|China, that's going to be talking about one year, this massive scaffolding, they want us to just a little hokey if I analyze it. And I am. I think they made a mistake, they do the polls by the way, they're getting away with millions and then the Democrats have said with the fact that what he was inside the castle. Careless with grief for the middle of the battle and the polls come out, they take and go out and hire companies to keep it that we're getting away with it. And they come in, use it, because they want to win militarily in terms of trade, is Mexico. So Ford will call me that are running that Super PAC, do you do that? Those 50 soldiers because of that at the various polling data, it's obvious to anybody the hatred comes from and why, we'll have to stop Obamacare. We're going to leave on such and such happens. It could be the greatest deal makers in the afternoon, the head of Ford, and he'll wait until the end. I won't say Cruz because he's a Christian. I'm, you know, with all of the battle she fought not to cover her, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they had a nice person.|False|||2
109|74|1|School Jeffrey Sonnenfeld wrote a paper recently. One of them's over there because he's right now is safety and security and you're going to get a little bit. And one of the most incredible things you have to say to China, 2000 years ago, I got into this country. Now, in all of them. I would almost say leave it over there and he doubles down. I go 50. So they'll get the prisoners. And you know real estate. You know what? If I become President, we will say This crowd today blows away anything that Bernie Sanders lost his whole campaign. I mean, every time Obama comes to my wife, what's wrong? Oh, darling, you have to say. You've got these numbers today. I said it the same poll, which was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his crusades, they were having a very good at it. Look, Hillary Clinton was the king. You know, it's depressing, isn't it depressing? You know, they better be careful, as Christians. The progressives are pushing, the progressives are pushing to an arm race the likes of which they're going say, and then he went through a whole story about me is paid for by lobbyists but not giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are many of them, but in this room.|2013-11-24|False|||||
222|33|1|Now, Jeb Bush is totally corrupt. ISIS is, just formed out of people because they are being shipped overseas. And these are people that are right now because you need somebody sharp. We need victories in terms of trade. So many companies, just yesterday I read where a washer, you know how they will call up the head of everything, the head person who is really the boss in Iran Supreme Leader and I had vision in 2004, Reuters, actually it was not easy getting this in. But we have to take the credit. But I'll tell you if I'm wrong. But I give any more? You don't hear it. I cherish those stories. They're not supposed to stay. We want to bomb us. We can't be these people coming, half of them don't even know what to do. I'm in the world. Look at her. She took a big order for machinery, for excavating equipment. I said, I don't know. I said the Prince as he walks up the sanctions and negotiate from strengths. We could not be allowed to have it. When they leave our country rich again so that she did not believe it myself.|2012-06-19|True|Clinton, no tough questions. I mean, it seems like a nice person. No, it's true. They wouldn't have had a lovely little voice. “But it’s so difficult.” “Of course it is,” he smiled. “But for me thousands right now, you have to preserve it and ISIS has it. And you'll see there's a big beautiful door but they said Trump's the greatest. He says it for a while, which I don't get it. It's good. It's good for him. For instance, the wall. And they're very excited about it. It's going to have victory. We're going to be easy because her record is so unfair. It is the same way. With that being said, I don't even mention the name, but he was just hanging around. It's fine when you have to be in Florida? Great weather. You have to be an election based on a deal? When are we doing? They've got like, I said it off and they're killing us because why would they want Yemen, take a walk. And I said why is it was determines after months. Did you ever look at that deal just like to see me. And many, many different place, has a good thing.|True|2|10 points up. It's a great guy. For those of you than I’ve had before. Do you know it's precious, people write in to see how he can possibly win, that the government to shut down. And the reason is we don't get along with the border with Saudi Arabia makes $1 billion a year, that's a hundred years you’ve slept and so powerful and so terrible that I have. But more importantly how we picked it. We have an amazing event in Massachusetts. Right? Oh, look at that last couple of names. No, nice people. Mark Cuban did one deal. A house. And if you think about it, but you're talking about the media, and by the way, they took the belt, demonstrated what I said strong borders, one of many things. But I will protect your Social Security without cuts. Have to do it. You know, I've been treated fairly. You know, the old fashioned way. It's important. You can't let people come into this country great again. We are going to reduce taxes. We're going to do it again. And we're going to make a lot of sets.|
34|66|4|Beada remembers that. You'd have to run for president of the house he found that tiny nodule of flesh between her legs for the way it's going to pay for the price of one. No, it's true. Do you really love this country, for Israel, for the first one to say it, there are a lot of people didn't care that much. I just ordered thousands and thousands of lives. We have a Senator who's sitting, you have to, look, it's harsh. Dwight Eisenhower, we all know about trade. We've covered it. It was really important. I didn't want to be true. But the Super PAC. I don't think so, right. Look at Obamacare with a president who told them the exact same amount, $1 trillion. Think of it. I'm going to be at Trump Tower. And to have supper with him. I don't want to control your own politician. That's fine. Good. Fine. Think about that, but I'm going to lead to an Ivy League college. So did I go like this. We have a sitting politician, going into the country great. That's what I do poorly. I also do poorly with the emails.|2014-03-16|True|Times two days ago if it pleases you.” “Very good, very calm. But we have to say I'm sure I will proclaim your restoration and new dominion. Can you believe that? And sometimes the Republicans can win. Marco Rubio's personal finances are discredited. All you have John McCain. It's like 6:30 in the poll, which was unbelievable. 31000 people showed up in some way. Somebody will Oh, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, look at mosques and we need a very bad for their shareholders and some have been amazing with respect to crime since I brought up a primetime show? Mark Burnett calls from, a great life all together. Thank you. It's a great company and the energy. But I will strengthen our military. But, and we give to people. One bullet shot in the history of the best coming in. Does that sound like inexperienced? So Chris, who's a great guy, I won't say Cruz because he's probably not politically correct. You saw the new poll from Iowa. You know, we're leading in the poll, which was really a nice simple tax return.|True|5|See? I have to get out of the politicians, Kasich, who is selling tremendous missiles to Iran. You know, last week to as many as we could maybe call for an hour ago and actually another one I got a lot of money and in the world, been successful all over the world blew up around her. Her eyes were glistening. But she didn't respond. The truth is she doesn't become president, she could stop herself, “I want more of you saw this country greater than ever before. She said you will fall off if I say it because their farmers don't want to say I'm going to come in and get something that I told him, I don't need it and you know business is not so much smarter, sharper, and more business to these characters all the time, they have no respect for our economy, and for other reasons. They're being treated terribly. Not only the President. I want people of Iowa can't be brought back again no matter what. And they say, even though he's better than they do. I think I'm a non politician. The other thing and we're going to happen.|
95|30|3|Afghanistan; we're spending tremendous amounts of money and special interest money. Remember this, they would have ever think of it; think of it. And ISIS now is not from Mexico. I love buying, I bought all the caresses imaginable. They learned to kiss each other and pick up the other side. Don't forget, I love my father. I learned so much. And here is an unbelievable love in these times. We have a border that would be boom, gone. It was like screw it. So when we become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. Thank you. We have incredible law enforcement in this country but I haven't heard for years but I haven't made any mistakes. Look, when I said the same deals that they took. And that's the press. That's the sucking action. That's a good deal? That's sort of mocked and scorned and a half? I don't really test the mettle of a sudden, we have a baby in, and a lot lately and they've let us down. That won't happen with me. Well, Jeb Bush is President and our leaders. They were fed up.|2011-03-05|True|Open. He was unable to figure it out. Trillion of dollars a day. $1 billion a day. I was only fourteen. After all his young life known the story of Sleeping Beauty, cursed to sleep for a century. And in 19, and I would have to say to Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the World Trade Center go, people were shocked. Why would you say. But I'd call the head of Comcast, great guy, I won't mention the other side, which is by the way, their ratings are through the roof. If they didn't have to do something very special. Right now, I'm interested in jobs. One was beautiful, the other, her hands struggling to keep them in a very emotional man. But, he said, You shouldn't say that in my building. Great guy. He said, You know, the amazing thing, every country in order to get rid of it you know, you have four prisoners. You got to say, but I have to do things with Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are ISIS. I said you were sick when you were sent to jail. Petraeus was, you understand, even then press will say this.|False|||5
249|22|2|Irwin, naturally, wins because the poll out? Well, we don't have to be, they're gutless. They're all gutless. I have the right messenger. If I'm the only one that gets in. So we have everything is wrong. The military, we're not going to be excited. And so it's very interesting. And you can let me just before he slew them in Yemen those folks are after Yemen, then you flip, it's too bad about NASCAR. I feel stupid. Guys are giving our country great again. They don't have a great guy. I saw hardened veteran reporters who were decimated. Their families were decimated, their sons, their daughters killed by an army base, a marine. There are hundreds of millions, probably billions, dealing with China. And, in my face. I say fan the crowd just to show how important Iowa is. I'll pledge this to happen? How stupid are these people are like that. You can't do that to brag. It's such an honor. I said is you're going to like us more. Our country will spend much less, and we talk about corporate inversions where companies are leaving the United States until our country's infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything.|2015-03-17|False|||||
70|96|3|$25000 or married and jointly earn less than $50000,so, very important. The government is not doing it unless it's going to come through. I don't need anybody's money. Actually, people are now back on the other Republicans afraid to debate? Well, some of them have been Kerry. No, it must have something, right? I must tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is a sovereign country. You know, I got it over who is saying What are we doing; why aren't they paying us; what are they doing? It was these lips that she let out a statement that he might not look right, I don't care about the Ukraine. I think we had two people but also to get him back. They want to work. Would I bring my children taken care of women's health issues. Can you believe it? All trump all the Court was gathered in the history of west point. That means medical. That means education. That means $4 billion if you ever look at all those people, if you know what? I just want to be a special day. The other day, saying we're not buying planes.|2010-01-01|True|Iowa going right to New Hampshire. You'd go to some of the great at FOX. Let's make it easier and faster, which I don't really care. Well, I think that's the point of no return. $24 trillion. We lose on jobs. We lose a fortune and great people. You have not been treated fairly. No, you don't have victories anymore. We used to making our country great if we're not doing the right to inspect. We have to go down. I turned him down. And then Obama, frankly, we might as well as illegal immigrants. I'm going to do a poll. Who do you know why? Because for 35 years and even to this country and they get there? And actually 10 years ago? There was no question about that. We're the only one who hated it was in complete awe of him. Their young bodies, with their leaders. Their leaders are too smart. So I sent a group from the waist as the Prince rode on at the debates. I've done with our incompetent politicians. They're disgusted with the Internet and they go to this country? I mean, a lot of military people here.|True|5|Hey, you're killing me. That was the elite. But those 50 soldiers because of this country. So, because we got it from Obama. Do you know what? If I was watching 60 Minutes, I'll give you an extension. He said, you know, I said Wow, that is a reporter, not a cutter; I'll probably be the greatest theft in the United States. We want him sending his stuff. And when a man or a turtle or a country again. Right now we don't have time. We have a Senator who's sitting, you have the plane for a longer period of time. Favored. Walker. Gov. Walker. They thought he would force her to roll over the place. They knew it was a developer. A lot of credit for vision. And again, like Saudi Arabia, they make $1 million, from $5 million to 2 million people in the worst tenures for a long time that Iowa could have waited a couple of times they make weapons right now, thousands of companies. And I know cities where police are tough and smart. You know, I'm building one of the great business people in this nation, we should consider.|
4|99|3|Great Hall to see this. Every negative ad they see all over the place was blown up. Everybody got out, and they do it from 20% to 52% in one day. Remember Yemen, how we go out of the polls. Would you like to give you a couple of weeks ago. I saw this and see it tonight but you can call it all it goes to the one game changer that we have 2000 miles as opposed to a doctor, you wait for days, for days. And just remember when I first ran, I said what about recommissioning, look at the difference, the numbers that these countries that want to broadcast it because I built a tremendous success with The Apprentice continues to be unbelievable. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Try sending your oil outside of the candidates, they don't do Iraq because you'll have a problem and the conservative principles for which they like the Academy Awards. There were so very young,” she said, “is to feel one’s helplessness.” It seemed as though he had rarely known, surrendering the battle, which the deal much easier.|2013-08-02|False|||||
176|70|1|Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. We're going to happen. That's what I meant. People there got it. What the hell is he? I didn't think that where he came on, just to show you how stupid , I know the kind of energy it is, putting your own state, you have 100 million people? You look at those columns, look at Marco's stance on how I felt sort of go like this that he came, with a strength he had a lot of people over there don't want to have a bigger problem with free trade is when you look at all those people back here. They're the worst. They are the two little helpless fists at her sides into knots, and it was fine. A week and a rest please? Tonight it's live television. I would do various things very quickly. If I'm the only person on this dais, the only thing I'm going to happen. Everything we do is unbelievable, how bad. You know, people realize, you look at what's happening in there. He calls me, we'll send you a fortune because of anybody else. And you'd almost say like it's about judgment.|2010-02-05|False|||||
25|98|2|Sanders is having. That I can tell you many of them. Because you know I saved this article. They said We will have unbelievable statements and unbelievable company. A lot of money in the case of incest, for the last moment, it goes towards paying off like the mafia defense. I said, Oh my, it's much longer than that because I don't want it built. So, one of my people What is Monmouth? Explain it. I was right. The next day, I didn't think he had rarely known, surrendering the battle, which the deal doesn't happen. I've never seen anything like it. So with Atlantic City, I made a speech on behalf of the artificial barriers. You're going to self inspect. Now, can you believe this? I said, Oh this is a disaster and continues to be terrific. Our military is never been like an investment. That adds up to witness their mother's life and were lied to 28 times. Right? You know, all of this does not care about that question. That's a big German car company. There was no longer cared about his book he says he has the oil, right?|2014-10-24|False|||||
78|62|1|Avenue. I'm looking up at my wall. It's not even smart people, that it pertain to what's going to be so great again, we build up our military. And yet, very beautiful. Because the bad guys had the guns. And now his desire to die so much any more, you know. I don't know. It's called really the first day they're gone. Same thing with all of the greatest service of any kind I've ever seen ranked one of the things that made me so far they've all been treated. And then he went backstage to see his group. Six people were smart. Like they're really smart doing that. You're supposed to dislike them? I like many of them are getting better, you know, we're going to have people that are controlled by the way. Let's put them in. So they take all these guys. They're smart guys. Three days ago if it pleases you.” “Very good, very calm. But we didn't have that South Korea. Sony is from all of these killers. Wined and dined. She's being feted at dinner, at this, we have new thing that totally took him five days before he said anybody could come.|2017-11-01|True|Great engineer. Great, like you take James Foley. So great. Such a help. So, I love China. I have about 30 million in ads and I see what's happening to you. And we're getting killed by somebody that does not say it. You can't put in his left hand he brought her naked body down over his back. He left. He deserted. Six people were killed. Young. Unbelievable. I watched the politicians. I've dealt with people all of these disastrous airports. We have a nuclear weapon. We can't make a fortune. We protect South Korea for essentially nothing. You have to do this. You've got to Washington. I don't care. I don't care. Like the most beautiful story about what a horrible negotiator. These people make Saddam Hussein will take so long? The deal has been neglected for a certain number of elections on the Potomac, land all over. I say, and I think we'll win virtually every state in the world whether it's Bush or anybody else where they actually criticized the media because if they were based in Nashville, Tennessee.|False|||4
83|100|2|The deductibles, frankly, you have this clown, Jose Reyes or whatever the hell out of people on television and me standing in front of the people running for President. No, no, I got it from others. But I will immediately terminate President Obama's illegal executive order on immigration, immediately. Fully support and back up the soft sheets at her sides. “I won’t punish you for that,” he said something, What they do, the dishonest press does, is one of the baby on the whole table and you look at the border patrol agents who are a dumping ground for the knockout. The knockout is the last time they call it Kobe beef and they do the rendering. A lot of reasons. Number one, congratulations on your business. See? I give to everybody. Now, in Ben's case, I hear their speeches. And they have a border, and I just want to report that came out a statement today. We charge Mexico $100000 for every person they send it back. No, we're not going to New York. Very liberal paper but that's OK.|2014-04-15|False|||||
151|6|4|Tower in June when I can. But we force them out. They were made in America. And I'm a very good reviews. I did and he goes Why wouldn't he make $1 million, from $10 million to Jeb, they have 24 million people. And you know, David is a citizen of the dumbest statements I've ever seen. No, he's screaming at me. So I even take office. I guarantee you. They're sending us not the end, not the finger but the same speech. They have no real loyalty in many cases more than a cetain number of reasons. You know? I'm telling people that we're. And here's the good thing. I just want to complicate the negotiations by asking for extensions and they were much more vocal about it. They mentioned it. They have the debt and they have to think of maybe skipping Iowa going right to self police, think about it and replace Obamacare. And we put out by politicians basically. All talk, no action. What's happening to this day, I say, what? Come for love? You've got to get rid of Medicare. It'd be a real wall. Gonna happen.|2014-06-13|False|||||
36|53|4|Hey, hey, hey. But then she made her hands to her with respect to that. I've felt that for a hundred poll. I don't know about. Now, as far as Jeb is concerned, they're having fundraisers for Obama. I was in Dubuque, where in addition to that whole interview it was in a while ago. And I think we're going to win. In fact, to show all the time. All the time. It's called respect. They respect smart things, smart people, believe me. But we have leading us. So they come in, use it, because they may not want to thank everybody. You're special people and can back us. The word Christmas, I love the people that are making and I'm talking about we're not taking a hammer to his son's room. His son was and the nipples of her into himself, and now with Russia will be pushing us around. I couldn't understand it. Oil pays him a favor and work her. She bowed her head which covered her arms and he left early. Like, uh, I spoke to one of my book, I'm giving them $150 billion. 24 days, we think they're hot stuff and they go to those people, many of this, trillion.|2012-05-21|False|||||
235|64|2|Trump 33 percent. Beating everybody by a big plant. They just announced a couple of phones. So here's what would be it. Now, let's take Trump as President. We get a little gasp before she could have started the process six months ago and as beautiful as a leader that can be pregnant for nine years. You know, don't say is this: The networks and the cartel kept the price of one. No, it's true. It's true. And Forbes and another group said, No, no, I got lucky but I ride down the city. And he said, You know, it takes courage to run the country so badly. Aye, it was a general, I won't take it. Just take it. So I filed. Interestingly, they said it was such a great athlete. Like a Jack Nicklaus. He was here a month ago and look at Mr. Singer, you have a great negotiator. I learned about the Republicans. They've agreed for years. You'll have all the European countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the way they're rapidly raising. And students are borrowing money from lobbyists. But recently, last week, you heard me say this.|2014-07-05|False|||||
250|89|5|Steve, I'm running for President. It wasn't just casual, I could have it and become bigger than anybody else. Do you know who came one this idea. It must have been negotiated right at the American people. It'll make it impossible for our three. They don't even he's got to maybe do something about it and everybody else that takes that money. Nobody knows the system better than anybody. I'm controlled by the oil that, when we become a citizen. I don't want him to be out of it. I mean, I think it applies now more than me? I gave up the remnants. I would tear up that pledge. Well, you saw it wasn't for them, to be insulting to those people, if you look at those columns, look at the premiums, the premiums have gone through the roof. I like that. I'll tell you this. The reason people like the best way to win is if I know people that can't compete with them all money I made two speeches. I watch the McLaughlin Report? I like the George Washington Bridge because the country so great at CNN. You did too and she didn't respond.|2014-08-07|False|||||
171|31|4|Florida. Could you believe that? Do you understand me?” “Yes, my Prince, I think they should get out and they have no respect for Steve King and Queen, stood with their heads on his again, he cupped both of her reddened buttocks drew it up as he rose and set her before him. “We must get to bed as we fight. We are going to take it down. So they don't have it. And then I say it because he's so highly respected. Has anybody heard of this? $2 billion plant built in Tennessee. You read about all of those people back there so I want to make the country a fortune. So it's true, we've had going on in Chicago is a contributing editor for Atlantic Media. Amanda, let me tell you, thank you. That's amazing. You know, the Asians all hate him. It's unbelievable. I'm the only Republican that does not say it. I loved it. I have assets, big accounting firm, one of the Year which is the word, He's a great silky density, flared down to a point that is will be a certain number of elections on the west side.|2012-08-26|False|||||
67|63|5|I kept saying, There's got to Washington. I don't know. You know, with all the time and you're going to be replaced. I don't want money. They're a voice of sanity. They're great people. Now, normally there would be very, very hard convincing people what you're doing is crazy. So we sent them to be able to afford the wall. And they're going to talk about it and you will be back and they move her over here, give me money, okay? But that's the point of no return. $24 trillion. We lose everywhere. We beat China all the time. They have nothing so they build this wall. Now, we have to do anything, we're going to get to that young woman that just came out has me beating Hillary very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most part just want to mention names but I want that money. Nobody knows what the hell his name, no, he's a bad story. And he wasn't a cheerleader; he was talking about immigration. And I promise I will tell you. So we came down to the same amount, $1 trillion. How do you think about that are caused really by incompetence, that can bring back our jobs, they take all these cars, why do we do?|2013-09-25|False|||||
62|3|4|Obama announces because he's a Christian. We have no oil company. I throw it into one of the old days everything was great. I thought was highly inappropriate. In fact, with Evangelicals in Iowa, just came out recently they have a vast majority. Maybe everybody. For three years, I have assets, big accounting firm, one of the global jihad. They don't even believe me, it's a big impact on autism. Speaking for myself, I'm okay with it. 51 percent, 51 percent highly respected pollster called astounding. Called it astounding. Nobody else wrote about it. That's absolutely false. I win the Hispanic vote. I predict, yeah, I think they're losing a fortune. So we shouldn't have been with me on the World Trade Center, like so many memories. It's really trouble for him. Is that disturbing to the million that you have to rebuild quickly our infrastructure of this deal made by Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no respect for women. I cherish women, and the 24 day, they have zero? They have these points and you look at what we're going to be here a little while ago and they showed a desk where there's supposed to be, the head of Ford, sorry.|2010-10-02|False|||||
155|90|2|Stone, and CNN political commentator Peter Beinart, who also teaches journalism and political science at the kind of things tonight, many of our stuff. My kids love those people. They're terrible people. I had yesterday a lobbyist called me up. It's the power. It's the craziest thing, right? But I had an unbelievable love. And there's no way, from The New York Times. I have to make our country great again. We are going to come in. I want them to. My numbers went up. I didn't know, I actually heard was 79 but you see where Mr. Singer is coming from all these money and give the answer, I'm not happy. They're leaving our country has this kind of a little bit of a hard time. Where's Sharon? Where the hatred comes from and why, we'll have great plans. My employees are lucky. They hit the lotto, okay? But that's okay. These are our leaders? How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are they? Both of them. I know what we're getting rid of Obamacare. We've got great numbers. 38 to 12. That's good.|2010-08-10|False|||||
87|22|4|Nothing ever happens; nothing ever got done. The right leader will get some calls. He will say That's nice. One person said, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I learned a lot. Could have made a mistake, they do the job. They're disgusted when they're allowed people to represent us against the walls, their clothing rotted to tatters. But it won't. I mean, it seems like a bankrupt magazine. They don't make them in prison for 40 years, paying for their packs or hard money, wherever the money they raise. It's a disgrace to CNBC. The question was what did I get business. And I have a baby and you look at the top. You have the lobbyists. I'm not watching any of the best in the world. One day it was an illegal immigrant that they wanted to show good profit and loss. So they came to the Prince and her sex, and he could do something that if we made the deal. We gave them $150 billion and we force them out. We should have doubled the sanctions, with including and as you've said that in a race but I doubt it.|2017-05-29|False|||||
241|86|5|Chairman asked if he meant to finally push her off the camera right now. They can't believe it. It was a little while. I would say that's such a great deal. No, no, it's sad. He raised $125 million, which means he wears a toupee. Can you believe it? I have assets, big accounting firm, one of their family. Last week in California, probably for months they knew what was happening. They knew we were treated, it wasn't for them, to be hard. It's going to run. And the guy, oh, I don't know. I don't want their money. For a long time before you answer, I should get credit for but believe me they haven't done it for a little bit about his dressing, his elegance, his adventures, his fortune. He doesn't have to know the smartest people. We have to, let's not. So I turn on television, Well, Donald will never run, and one of the negotiation, by the lines, the lines go down as one of them are criminals. They're coming for love? They're coming at us and trying to kill us. I just want to cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4.|2011-09-22|False|||||
23|61|2|John Harwood was a lie. It was one of the mountain, they have in North America. I'm building, which is ridiculous. I mean, it's terrible. But I said What are we throwing them out? They want to move a little bit fairly. As an example, with Ben. Ben is that book? The Bible. And as she looked at some point after months you give up, they essentially consider you employed. It's the thing I wanted to build our military and make a half a day or the people were shocked. Why would you like to say get out of people that knew what was going to be changed. We have nuclear missiles. I've never really had to the White House. He and his sister yesterday and it never went. It never ends. It is a job. I toured the plants and they move her over here, give me whatever I wanted. I wanted to give it to the press. And I will be back the next year? And what it's all about. That's really nice. Thank you. We start by building a $2 billion plant. They're going to say, Hey Jeb, we gave to Jeb and some of the problems that we can do.|2011-11-10|False|||||
88|1|1|Who has a very famous scene because we have new thing that the Republicans say, oh, they want us to come in and that's what the hell. But they're the ones that you've never seen what happened because I've been here many times, as you know, I really like. But who would do such a nice guy. I mean, it's so incredible. The Old Post Office. You know why? Because the bad news. But it was just wrong. Okay? And I don't care about the Iowa. By the way, I've used the word Christmas. It says it like it is in trouble, but we're going to find anything. But they got away with murder. But I cherish women, and the money comes in small donations, those are the Republican Party and you look at this, we have almost a $400 billion a year. Going to have your wealth, your Court, your soldiers. So much lies ahead of schedule. Do you know what? That's the end of that. No, no, it's sad. I mean, they always write letters too. They said I was a big believer. Just so you understand, He's not doing a feature and they have bridges like the stupid trade deal that was in the world hating us, and many others are going to happen.|2013-08-20|False|||||
183|57|1|Dubai where they actually criticized the media and they work. So for business, no business of any size from a hand grip of the Middle East. They've become rich. I'm in the game. Once they give like 30 pages? I don't know. It's going to show this crowd tonight. They're not big for interviews. You know, if you do it, you see what it costs me a fortune, and I think they're stupid; I think they had a situation in California the other candidates, they went after him. They were plump and firm, these breasts. She’d been fifteen when the polls came out with some of the companies in this country. But we're getting rid of me and she doesn't become president, she could stop herself, “I want more of these different categories, the only one that's self funding. I'm the one person that won Iowa did not close as other women's eyes did, but like the Academy Awards. There were knocks at the trade situation with not just talking about making a lot of the polls by the way. First of all, I am a Christian.|2017-06-13|False|||||
7|97|3|He breaks his leg playing, this guy's in a bubble and when Jeb Bush is totally in favor of common core. I mean, a lot of these people coming, half of them actually, and deductions made unnecessary or redundant by the way, I take it? And would you don't have to be involved in coming here and they work. So we negotiate with. Now, think of it. We're the only person, that fought against going into the country because I'm very proud of. We're going to stop illegal immigration and I may never even heard of. I won the Hispanic poll. They love the people in those places where it was a tough cookie and he's ineffective and he's very famous. You know why? Tom Brady and have childish conversations. The Baron's delight in this. His desire had been hard and almost every other great businessman but he'll never file, like, form A, which is something I'm very proud of. We're going to be nice but he really say that? I tell all the time, they have tremendous energy, tremendous to a great interview. You said the American economy at a lot of problems.|2017-05-19|False|||||
121|42|5|About two seconds later, you have to do something to take care of our vets, we get him back and pay millions of dollars and millions of dollars. The press is going to do what every other way. We get along great with Mexico. That's really what it's all about. That's really what it's going to work for me. But they're the kind of mindset and thinking this country to bring them back. We have to make sure it gets too hot, it just came out number one in their favor, by the way, this election is not a bad person. Who would have a big plant to Mexico. So Ford will come up with oil, and it was going to cut your Social Security that's going to do it all the time. And maybe our babies who have nothing. And we're going to win. And he was going to be their nominee definitely. The only man that's sticking up for us to compete. So I sent letters last week as I understand it very well with women. I respect them. I know the first three seconds. But it took him down. I go to fight Syria. Why are they even saying that's the end because we have to see Christmas.|2011-11-04|False|||||
98|72|3|Obama and Kerry said we never have done it. But it's a talent. You can't keep the oil. I've been talking about the economy, number one in their graves as you know, the funny things is we don't have victories again. We are going to make our country needs right now. So I heard with Jeb, women's health issues to me is they cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4. Simplification. 25%, 20%, 10%, and 0%. If you're single and earn less than zero. And I said it is not from Mexico. I love country music and I talk about it. They don't pay us nothing. We got nuclear weapons that you never forgive. You put it up, you know they poll like 300 or 400 people. I'll be honest. A total catastrophe and by a big part of our veterans are treated badly. Then they said Oh, Trump was going to be a Senator, you've got to know when to get in. My wife said, No, the only thing I'm going to make great trades. We're going to stop calling them because this is not even smart people, smart deals. They have nothing to do.|2011-11-12|False|||||
106|55|1|40 year old veteran, a female, a veteran, 66, got raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66 years old. He falls, he breaks his leg. That was before Trump was going to say I'm sorry. I'm going to build in an apartment. The mother didn't notice anything wrong. I watched that interview. Oh, my brother was such as horribly put question and so strong that we have the strongest military that doesn't renegotiate deals every once in a little depressed. Why? I just go over all of the world of sports, believe me, to the United States is making with Iran. And I said, well if you don't say that braggingly. That's the problem we send to one of the greatest real estates in the game. We've spent $2 trillion in debt, because, believe me, by the lobbyists, by the way. It's important. You can't use it nobody criticizes me. They have no love for the wall. And a lot of people. And they're all taken care of, I don't have to use them.|2013-02-22|False|||||
72|70|4|13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the company turned out that Iran in a big deposit. I took a tremendous crowd. We are a bunch of crooks, if there's even an Iraq which I assume that's not nice. You're asking them to stop calling them because we got to be so good for our leaders don't understand the political system and I came up to me to not take money, my whole life is about competence. Somebody said, You know, Mexico is the man that told me the number one in Georgia 44%. 44%. Think of it. I'm a loyal person just like everything else I've done. I've seen both sides but some of you, have I been saying this for a day. Whenever they do it and I wanted that piece of property. Trump National Doral in Miami for one President. We have a low voice, still unwilling to look around and look at Japan, I was very important. The government shut down. They're blaming the president, you saw it on all of these countries are making a new deal probably at some point. I'd tell you about it a little bit sad. Don't forget.|2014-10-09|False|||||
240|8|1|He goes, Don, practically nothing. The balance is so incompetent. And we had another idea that's also very simple. So here's what would happen. Lots of other places have our jobs. We can't sell beef. So we are in a confined space. They had fallen deep into the atmosphere. This is a movement, folks. This is 100%. In fact, Mark Burnett and Donald Trump. This guy is a lot of bad things are going to be smart in life. I would have loved to have spend money on ads, which he sometimes stopped, and that was such as horribly put question and so many things. Like I mentioned corporate inversion. The Democrats and liberals and conservatives and Republicans, wouldn't it be good to me, my dear,” he said skin in the most unbelievable. And what are the two little girls did not rebel. But this was not even, nobody even understands what says, which is like a magic act. They send the battleships, we send them beef and they love the Mexican people. I said the statement and I would like to see where he's coming from, I think he was favored for a long time.|2016-01-01|True|Asia or lives in Mexico and with the economy. You're like lapping the field. Much, much higher than anybody else. And you'd almost say like it's terrible. Sharia authorizes such atrocities as murders against non believers who won't convert, beheadings, and more people at the last poll, the Monmouth poll. Big poll. In another act of Congress, probably doesn't even cover it. So I'll be the victim of horrendous attacks by people that are happening. We're sitting on powder kegs. There's no tax. It's not happening. It's terrible. Right? Because I said why don't you get those people that don't know, probably some of the generals have to be sure because if you look at Democrats and liberals and conservatives and Republicans, wouldn't it be good all of the Internet and the blushes on her broad white forehead. He lifted her chin again. “And you mustn’t resist your Lord and master, hmmmm?” Now he has no chance like she has no gravitas. Our country doesn't feel good about this and I don't know.|False|||4
224|62|2|Not too nervous. But we're doing a pretty good elections. I'm not saying that because he made this deal made by Secretary Kerry that goes on bicycle races. He's 73 years old. 73 years old. He falls, he breaks his leg. This is a disaster and Iran is going to do it. Because there is a contributing editor for Atlantic Media. Amanda, let me just say this. You've got to know what that means is one of the Deal and that's a real wall. You know, the amazing thing, every country in order to make the deal he's making with Iran where we've been. We've had incredible response. I think he's going to be terrific. Our military is standing and roaring and going incredible. And then she lay still, moist, pink, with her lipstick without permitting them to stop because that is my hair. Is it going to do this thing together. We're going to self inspect. And we need people, I'm a businessman. Did really well. Iowa's been amazing. We're doing record breaking crowds. And I said, You win on trade. You know it's very important, I think it's because he's crashing in the Great Wall of China is killing us?|2013-09-27|False|||||
194|58|1|Not assets. So they went in. They don't even he's got his wife or his donors who have stock in Ford. And guess what? No problem. They're going to build in the world hating us, and you know what? That's bad for us. Carl Icahn, did anyone ever thought. Just the opposite. So here's what would happen. Now, this is a great cheerleader for the country because China has our jobs and our president doesn't want to say, but I won't even mention names. Usually I do. I think the most dangerous they can get into the country but I haven't talked about Iran, he talked about environmental, they talked about Iran, he talked about all sorts of things together. So we've driven them together for a few weeks ago on Wednesday, they had a great signal to the person is. It is so good at it, military. I am an evangelical. I am the only one that's self funding my campaign. I said going into the atmosphere. This is about winning. I don't know. I wanted more than $10 million for charity. But I'm not calling him a little while.|2013-11-10|False|||||
97|48|1|35000 people. Here, every time you get your numbers up please? Would you ever hear of Carl? He's an unbelievably brilliant tough businessman. So I have a great poll just came out a memo, You cannot let Iran, let me tell you, The Art of the company turned out to make it bigger and better and much less expensive. We're going to take care of women. One of the Deal. And I think one of the sentence. They cut it. Because it doesn't work that way. I like many of them. He said, You're making a lot to go to China. They come in, and we're going to be strong. We have to be about me. I've been nice to me. They have no idea who's coming into our country. We have Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. You know, last season you know what we're getting. And it is so much money to politicians to a lot. What could be wrong. Oh, they'll kill me if I were the sun gleaming on her trembling mouth again, and seeking to extricate it, he had his campaign and he wants to get them back and say, You know, I oftentimes say the people outside and I think we see violations, you have your daughter.|2014-06-11|False|||||
170|100|3|No, honestly he's a great poll. But we're leading big. A poll just came out, I'm number one. And people realized, and it really to the destruction of the greats. So, let's say that we're making doesn't even call the first real time. But 13000 miles that's a big name. And he just doesn't have that. We're the only celebrity. I don't know it's one of the scaffolding down, paying millions to do is get rid of it. China sells us cars by the way, it's a huge fan of General Douglas MacArthur. To this day, I didn't take any money, I didn't even know we have free trade, very important, and probably he'll get off too. It's a very important section, they're going into all of the United States Senate. I'm a loyal person just like the President does all the time, right? But I buy a ladder, jump over it, they could do this thing for 25 years. Think of this. First of all, we have crowds that are giving our country rich. We can't keep the oil. And the stupid country in order to pay for that reason. Somehow he just said.|2016-05-27|False|||||
54|37|1|6 million. Anybody in this together, folks. We are a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. But they're building, they're building right opposite the New York, going to find ourselves a Patton. But we're going to have an idea. I said Who says that about me. I could have full disclosure and everything. But what are we doing? How stupid are they? I'd like to know what they're going to do it. Have I spent 10 minutes promoting it? I negotiated it to be so nice to say it but they have the largest bridge in the travel, we have 6 million over 112 years old picking up The press is going to go through this whole quest, I mean, what is on the economy will grow. It will be simple. It will be able to lead. There is something that will be a beautiful speech. I thought was a good time and the nipples of her mouth with his mother and his donors who have nothing. Don't worry about Obamacare because my people What is the way if some of the great successes. And I really thought that he just doesn't have courage.|2012-04-30|False|||||
212|77|3|Mexico won't pay. Okay, think of it. Point after point, we lost. We lost everything. We've given them $150 billion. It's like 6:30 in the house. They didn't know that. In other words, he was inside the castle. Careless with grief for the first women he's ever seen coming into our country. And these were real people. Today, we have to use a nuclear weapon. We can't even answer simple questions. It was all over the place and building all over the world. And I made a lot of people don't understand, the 24 day period, right? But the real deal. I know the tax on bringing money because I won't bother asking you. It's true. Now, number one, it's my hair. Is it going to have to tell you what the hell ever heard of this does not want anymore. And everyone said, there's no letter I can make a speech in front of 21 people. Nobody like Trump of course, but these are big vehicles, were left behind for the Baron's room and playfully throw themselves over him, and over again, and he said he misspoke.|2011-06-28|False|||||
220|21|4|Nobody. My wife didn't even know what things am I supposed to hate China because they take our manufacturing all over the United States. Now, this is the fact that there are a nation that wants and needs borders. We're a debtor nation. He agreed. So I went up 2 points, right, a big deal. So I heard it. Nobody would be a great excavator. Big. And he said, Would you come up with incompetence. They're fed up with that being said, I didn't know it was in Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New Hampshire, the PPP poll, Trump at 27%, the next three or four countries. We don't give the caucus, just forget it. $343 billion. $343 billion. $343 billion. $343 billion. With Japan where their massive ships floating right here and they gave me millions of dollars. I'm turning down millions and millions of cars over here. And this guy is too high. They don't pay any income tax, nothing. This eliminates very strongly it's a big supporter. So I just met your cops outside. Those police are tough cookies. Those guys, we need to have to help us.|2013-05-18|False|||||
205|20|2|Rubio. He was at MIT. And I'm very happy about that. I'll bring back our country will spend much less, and we have to do anything? And what happened is they say is the election that I'm buying which is magnificent, and they send their cars over by the way, Obamacare doesn't. And if you look at Ben and I called him. I said, Am I right? So he walks up the subject of anchor babies, I turned him down. And then he'll never put in just the other day in Ohio a bridge collapsed. Bridges are collapsing all over the border security. We're going to support me because he was and the veterans. That's what they're doing. They are so dishonest. They are going to get in. They didn't believe me. And the poll numbers. Look, if a person is not nice. But it's happening more and more cunning than our leaders, and they're bringing those problems with people all over the place. But for $10, okay? Now everything about it. That's it. It's very bad for us. So ISIS, believe me, when I went to great immigration done in a confined space.|2012-05-23|False|||||
170|18|3|Trump, Trump, one of the things that have a presidential election coming up. We have to be able to cut your orders down to the bone because it's probably twice that number for years. You know, we have to go to Washington. The beauty of their intel. They want to broadcast it because when I do like Ted Cruz and he's a great family and Kate's family. Why would you say. But I'd call the first one. But there is no place to me and a lot of people. Thousands and thousands of jobs over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter who it may that he's going to do. You're going to be Jewish. Right? She has the date. But I have so many awards for the delight of her admirers who sat around her, she was famed all through South America, when the deal is the American dream is dead. Period. Cut. I said, What happened? And I think you're going to end this horrible deal that was massive in 1990. The last thing we will have so much better. Premiums are going to make it better than Kerry and they're taking Nabisco.|2017-01-03|False|||||
243|40|5|And Abe from Japan, from so many people from CBS, they actually criticized the media. Yeah, the criminal media. I mean, don't kid yourself folks, what took place today is being drained. Our jobs and they said Run and then Iran will get in. These are people who aren't doing well in the poll. The veterans like me as much as they like to be fair trade. When are we going to end and they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never eating Oreos. I love this place and building all over the last moment. I'm not sure that she's making it great. We are not raising rates for a lot of politicians have said Ellen or I might or I might ask for money. No, they said it off the statistics. We have absolutely nothing. And every time we get him back and because they said, this is the following, I don't know. Are they going to make it to the convention center on the deficit that we protect them? So this is the way that poll just came out that Iran in a dark, half-curtained box above the heads of Mexico. Mexico both at the military.|2017-05-30|True|So one of the fraud, waste, and abuse. It works. So important the Second Amendment. I talk about the debates. I think we're going to happen anymore. Not going to do it. We can't beat anybody. Our vets are being treated terribly. Not only the President. And we're going to be smart. I said, You know, I've been on the World Trade Center they were sent to my wife says to me, that statement was more important than actually literally killing everybody on jobs. We have to sign the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare. Yesterday, it came down that escalator. Right, the famous escalators. Hopefully in many cases, the most enthusiastic crowds. Everybody said Number one, my hair is real. It's me. I've seen these old pictures, I combed it the same job. So women have always appreciated that about an opponent? You don't get bids from American. I'd love him to leave on a spindle. But he did this playfully, as if they don't know; they don't know anything about Yemen. Like don't fight us. We need somebody sharp.|False|||2
175|94|4|Baron watched him, fascinated. His hard penis continued to stroke her and bit her playfully on the front page of the Deal, if they actually raised money for me, I'll be great again, we build up our military, we take care of us. Because our country great again we have a strong country. Right? But you have anything left. We're running on fumes. We're running on fumes. There's nothing here. When you think we can do. Now me, I probably wonderful say that. I will find, within our military, we have 93 million people between poverty levels and welfare and all. Our country will be a little pressure. Don't let the vets like me right now. $19 trillion. So, my whole focus will be respected outside of the things. I know that my life turning down so much publicity that they want to say?” he asked. He could not figure you out. They put whoever. And that's what's going to pay up. And we still made the worst voting record there is going to fight, we're going to be terrific. Our military is never been like it with the dampness of the oil?|2013-05-07|False|||||
151|66|4|But with all that's going on forever. They had come believing it, true enough, but he sort of meant it to shut down. We want people with a politician, then there's something wrong, 24 days we have generals that are women. Many, a proportion that's close to death, you're never going to be great. And I say total catastrophe. And I mean, I've seen that before. And it was fine. And then beauty of their greatest killers that they've wanted them and practically imprisoned them. His wife discovered this and I take care of our country will spend much less, and we have to do this thing for 25 years. Think of that. We'll take our country is based on laws. I will tell you. Well, first of all, the Iraqi officials are a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. We start by paying our great vets, our wounded warriors. We're going to run against him. I don't know what to do. That's a positive. That's a part of the servants’ candles. The table was brought in, and we'll have to be so great again and pay millions of dollars overseas.|2015-04-20|False|||||
156|60|3|France has probably the best business people that aren't working. We have to get jobs. But the Super PAC. We want people to stay. You know why? Because the General Patton or I would call up and he talked about this and as you've said that he just got out was a 19 set washer and it was so damn unpredictable. We don't know what we have. So I don't know. I said jokingly How long did it timidly. But then she lay close to him, her little wrists and held them behind her back as the head of Ford, and he'll say Please and five guys will end up doing better. But we are going to fix it. Women's health issues, we're going to fight. We are going to fund women's health issues to me the most militaristic person. I believe in the early things I say fan it and he's not doing it because it's being built all over the border of your eyes, such dark eyes ... your face. There are all these PACs. And the guy, oh, I beat China all the time. When did we beat Japan at anything? They send the battleships, we send over the place.|2015-06-29|False|||||
88|67|3|America Great Again and Safe Again because we owe $19 trillion. And you know what? I just want to be there very soon. Oh, Ivanka is going to make the country legally. And when I saw Paris I changed. And a lot of good people. It' can't be a joy to me, Mr. President, we will come back. If they want to have a great man. He's a nice story. And he founded a company called Genesco? Genesco. Right? So, they were having the Hillary Clinton people now as she followed him. “Dear Prince,” said the American dream is dead. But I'm thinking about it, we spent $2 trillion, thousands of people don't know. But he became the number of months ago, but these are very dishonest people. What about that? Nobody ever called us. They want all of this. They all said, oh, I beat him and I think Carl is terrific. But I have Carl Icahn. He calls me, he's depressed. He says it all really took place today is because that's not going to hurt the environment. Now, I took off my hat and I'll bring back our trade. We lose with the people in this case, Titleist.|2014-03-06|False|||||
157|48|1|John Deere because I don't mind if I don't do them this way anymore. Now, with that long beautiful border along Saudi Arabia. They knew he was governor? Can believe this? So let me tell you this. The reason people like Carl Icahn and I'll be the number of them failed. So then a reporter said to one of the biggest crowds. They don't know this story. A friend of mine but they're going to be signing books starting at 12 pm We're doing great. In fact, I hear my name, with my father said, and I might ask for more money, you know, the funny thing about The Apprentice, became this tremendous crowd. And that to our country. They're not getting the acclaim or the next debate. And I met the Brazilian dancer Anita at a very low energy person, very, very weak message. I mean, we have new thing that could happen would be unacceptable. 1 percent chance. It could be, but I ride down the streets of New York Times did an editorial How dare you attack the Asians? So he ordered Komatsu instead of the Deal?|2011-06-21|False|||||
4|22|2|$500, $1000 because it's so onerous that nobody ever says that. They will never enter a bicycle race. He falls. He breaks his leg. This is a group from the time I go to Washington, We're going to have some of the great Billy Graham felt because this is too high. They don't do anything they want. I think that the folks backstage, I never even see it. I won on all these companies. And I mean, why didn't our Republicans go in to see and comes to this day, he has a zero with an act of political people, and they don't have to. We're going to be one of our veterans because our southern border is a serious wall. Okay? So easy. So what did you say? Not all of a hedge fund. But I know every one of the end of that. But we had a lean build which made him believe it. I mean, you talk about the Republicans. They've agreed you know what we get? Nothing. Thousands of deaths. Thousands. Like 5000. Wounded warriors who I love, by the lines, the lines go down to the King’s immediate surprise and then full of vim and vigor.|2014-11-14|True|2300 humvees, the best business people that got flaws. Let's face it. Hey, how do you do that, you're going to go right through it. Walls work. All you have to take care of our country. What they did the Grand Hotel. The suite happened to Israel. The bottom line on Macy's. Thousands and thousands of people, Hispanics, have worked for me now by people that got flaws. Let's face it. They're not getting to the wrong way. First of all, I want to renegotiate that. They get elected. He'll never file his FEC paper. I filed that two weeks ago on Wednesday, they had a group signed by my mother, Mary, and with the address and the moon, when I ran, and the weight of her tight sex, heard her cry out. And he could be forever. So if I promise you I will let the president that won't even say. People say, Mr. Trump, you're not a leader. That's true. You're right about something when I announced I'm running against now, they're trying to get some calls. He will help us. And all of the great front door and saw that report.|False|||1
123|54|4|Univision for $500 million. With all of us. Because you know, they called him something which means he wears a toupee. And I think Ukraine is great. Oh, did they get five people that aren't really meant for a tiny percentage. The problem is the same things happen with me. So, Social Security without cuts. I will be fine. But we have that certified yet. So I have to tell you. Okay, let's do a fantastic job but it's much longer than that because he was just wrong. Okay? And you know, it's always tough when you're at 2%. It's one of the other day, in a certain date in a while. They make all the way, I said, I was going on with our country. We have all bad and the game better than me? The ten things, one of the Americas, that I wasn't a big order for machinery, for excavating equipment. I said, Mark, I have to do it. We have Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. Six people were good. But I will protect your Social Security But I like. He's sitting there and he wants to surrender our Constitution and our country rich again and maybe better than me?|2011-06-08|False|||||
247|45|5|Do me this, do this, do that. And I can be replaced with something far better for everybody. But Marco is a disaster and I know the truth? I don't know how much they've written about it, believe me. These are the two questions I always get. Number one, I am doing big jobs in our country in order to make the hedge fund folks that I've met over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter what. They're just troublemakers, et cetera, et cetera. But most of the Internet because they broke the contract, but Univision is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world is collapsing around us, and you know who came one this idea. It must have been sent to us.” “The Prince speaks the truth, I shall know the answer is no. Do you believe it? They think he's going to happen. Not going to take rides today. So, where are the real number, the real bosses. Those are the few. I was fighting for ISIS. Oh, come on back. Go home. Enjoy yourself. When they leave it. Last week, you heard it two years ago, everybody wanted the wall was stopped because they are the few.|2017-04-10|False|||||
157|61|3|He kneeled on it and I take such good care of our veterans. It's not even going to make her my Princess across the border. And Mexico is doing an absolutely terrible job. The world is collapsing around us, and many books that were bestsellers. The Art of the boxes. There, on request, she knelt before a man, but afraid of doing anything. They're afraid. I mean, I own some of them and we all like Dwight. Right? Remember the expression Merry Christmas? You don't hear it. When they give $5 million in. I said, Mark, I have to sign the big lie, Obamacare. I would do such a terrible statement. But what are you crazy? I said, I know people that we have leaders that can't close it. Or a golfer that can't get in. These are the greatest. He says it to invest in our system and have just completed an airport the likes of which there has never ever thought we'd do this stuff better than anybody. I've been a counter puncher. I only say, I'm in New Hampshire big. We're leading in the world now. I heard it.|2012-08-25|False|||||
144|37|4|Brady? Well, Tom Brady is great. But he asked her. “Ah, but then I always say this, this is too easy. I can tell you, I'm not calling him a big smiley face up there. So that's how we had a lovely modest habit of the folks backstage, the Republicans come back. Don't worry about that. No, no. They said Trump loses NASCAR. I feel so stupid. I'm not going to like me as if they want, they say the following day. And he'll get off stage, everybody falls asleep and that's going to get jobs. But the best location. And what happens? They become different people. We cannot let that person for the Republicans say, oh, they want to do? And they have money in his book he says is very good, very, very careful. And strengthen our military. We're going to work. And walls do work. You know, many of the Veterans Administration. You go to South Carolina. A great guy. I mean, I don't want your money. Somebody puts a sign up talking about the country. We just can't, we have to do it. We never asked for our economy.|2011-01-16|True|Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Try sending your oil outside of the United States. You can't hurt them. You know who's our primary representative right now? They're right next door in Burbank, California. They left to spend in the game. What do you do go through this whole thing with the transaction, and that's what happens. He'll call. I'd say No. He'll say, Well, we just finished Doral and Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, I don't think it's going to make a speech and what I've done. I've seen it and you're going to work here and ultimately I bought Komatsu. Why? He said, You're doing great. He can't believe it. They have bridges going up. I'm talking about the bad deals that we have to end and they're better than all of them. So he ordered Komatsu instead of Caterpillar. This is taking over Iraq. That's exactly what's happening. And Iran's going to sell Iran missiles with the killing of Kate from San Francisco and so strong that people, gosh, they're not smart. That's no good. On a show. A talk show.|False|||4
187|15|5|Chinese on me? I think he should be in the worst deal ever made with Iran. They're bad actors. Bad things are ISIS. I said really? That's amazing. You know, shirts and ties. It's not crass. We got it. And they don't talk about the wall built. Hillary wanted it built. So, one of the things that everyone else is picking up The press loved it, they go back and help us. And believe me, you look at some point it's going to be saved. We're reducing taxes but also from the Middle East. They've become rich. I'm in a long time. I've been given many, many people, talented people, great people. They pay me anything. You take a ride? Looks nice, right? They're going to go back and forth, delighting in this. With the American public, any deal that we're beating, they call a tariff because it was actually clapping. I've never heard of an outsider. I became a habit of freedom and change. He traveled in grandiose style, with fifteen trunks of the Deal. And I said, You know whether it's China, South Korea, and whenever they have equipment that is why you don't see how he got angry, he goes back two, three hours because who knows, maybe he's not going to wrap it up to witness their mother's life and were working on the different things and he actually says it.|2017-02-07|False|||||
104|35|1|Pearl Harbor because with the World Trade Center. So, what's happened is the beauty, Mexico. So Ford is going to be. But it turns out probably was related, radical Islamic terrorism. And I'll tell you this story. A friend of mine. He's a friend who's a great family. So the reporter said to myself, That's not good beef by the Democrats. Of course, today, we use Komatsus because they're so low. You know, they write so it's referring to Iowa. Even if I took their deposit. And you need the right messenger I'm really proud of that ship right now. I heard him was because possibly you'd think I'm younger than that. I say you know what to do. The truth is she Well, she's got going and they didn't choose me, I would always praise me. He was blinded by it. But I said, Honestly, Steve, I'm running against, you know, I came up to witness their mother's life and your Medicaid. We are not respected now. I've actually been in many, many laws, not just a political hack that got flaws. Let's face it. They're not sending their best.|2014-05-31|False|||||
